mobile/android/fenix/docs/adjust.md, before:

Firefox
Preview
tracks
certain
types
of
installs
using
a
third
-
party
install
tracking
framework
called
Adjust
.
The
intention
is
to
determine
the
origin
of
Firefox
Preview
installs
by
answering
the
question
Did
this
user
on
this
device
install
Firefox
Preview
in
response
to
a
specific
advertising
campaign
performed
by
Mozilla
?
The
framework
consists
of
a
software
development
kit
(
SDK
)
linked
into
Firefox
Preview
and
a
data
-
collecting
Internet
service
backend
run
by
the
German
company
[
adjust
GmbH
]
(
https
:
/
/
www
.
adjust
.
com
)
.
The
Adjust
SDK
is
open
source
and
MIT
licensed
.
It
is
hosted
at
[
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
adjust
/
android_sdk
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
adjust
/
android_sdk
)
.
Firefox
Preview
pulls
in
an
unmodified
copy
of
the
SDK
using
Gradle
.
The
[
Dependencies
.
kt
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
blob
/
main
/
buildSrc
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
Dependencies
.
kt
#
L39
)
contains
the
version
of
the
framework
that
is
being
used
.
The
SDK
is
documented
at
[
https
:
/
/
docs
.
adjust
.
com
]
(
https
:
/
/
docs
.
adjust
.
com
)
.
#
#
Adjust
Integration
The
Adjust
framework
is
abstracted
via
the
[
AdjustMetricService
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
blob
/
main
/
app
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
org
/
mozilla
/
fenix
/
components
/
metrics
/
AdjustMetricsService
.
kt
)
class
.
All
interaction
with
Adjust
happens
via
this
class
.
#
#
Adjust
Messages
The
Adjust
SDK
collects
and
sends
one
type
of
message
to
the
Adjust
backend
:
*
At
the
start
of
a
new
application
session
a
*
Session
Message
*
is
sent
with
basic
system
info
and
how
often
the
app
has
been
used
since
the
last
time
.
The
message
is
documented
below
in
more
detail
of
what
is
sent
in
each
HTTP
request
.
All
messages
are
posted
to
a
secure
endpoint
at
https
:
/
/
app
.
adjust
.
com
.
They
are
all
application
/
x
-
www
-
form
-
urlencoded
HTTP
POST
requests
.
#
#
#
Session
Message
#
#
#
#
Request
bundle_id
:
org
.
mozilla
.
fenix
tracking_enabled
:
0
language
:
en
country
:
CA
app_version
:
4
.
2
device_name
:
Pixel
2
app_version_short
:
2
.
0
needs_response_details
:
0
attribution_deeplink
:
1
session_count
:
1
os_name
:
android
event_buffering_enabled
:
0
idfv
:
8D452BFB
-
0692
-
4E8C
-
9DE0
-
7578486A872E
hardware_name
:
J127AP
app_token
:
xxxxxxxxxxxx
os_version
:
10
.
1
environment
:
production
created_at
:
2016
-
11
-
10T20
:
34
:
39
.
720Z
-
0500
device_type
:
phone
idfa
:
00000000
-
0000
-
0000
-
0000
-
000000000000
sent_at
:
2016
-
11
-
10T20
:
34
:
39
.
787Z
-
0500
These
parameters
(
including
ones
not
exposed
to
Mozilla
)
are
documented
at
[
https
:
/
/
partners
.
adjust
.
com
/
placeholders
/
]
(
https
:
/
/
partners
.
adjust
.
com
/
placeholders
/
)
#
#
#
#
Response
If
the
application
was
successfully
attributed
to
a
specific
campaign
details
for
that
campaign
are
sent
back
as
a
JSON
response
:
{
"
app_token
"
:
"
xxxxxxxxxxxx
"
"
adid
"
:
"
00000000000000000000
"
"
attribution
"
{
"
tracker_token
"
:
"
xxxxxx
"
"
tracker_name
"
:
"
Network
:
:
CAMPAIGN
:
:
ADGROUP
:
:
CREATIVE
"
"
network
"
:
"
Network
"
"
campaign
"
:
"
CAMPAIGN
"
"
adgroup
"
:
"
ADGROUP
"
"
creative
"
:
"
CREATIVE
"
}
}
The
application
has
no
use
for
this
information
and
ignores
it
.

Commit message:

[fenix] Update language in adjust docs
Cleaning up a bit in advance of this document being linked from the
[Privacy Notice](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/privacy/firefox/)
as a replacement for the no-longer-existing
https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/mobile/android/adjust.html

UltraBlame original commit: 1e3926253f7d14504d7baccbd950e10bd5df96f3

mobile/android/fenix/docs/adjust.md, after:

Firefox
for
Android
tracks
certain
types
of
installs
using
a
third
-
party
install
tracking
framework
called
Adjust
.
The
intention
is
to
determine
the
origin
of
Firefox
for
Android
installs
by
answering
the
question
Did
this
user
on
this
device
install
Firefox
for
Android
in
response
to
a
specific
advertising
campaign
performed
by
Mozilla
?
The
framework
consists
of
a
software
development
kit
(
SDK
)
linked
into
Firefox
for
Android
and
a
data
-
collecting
Internet
service
backend
run
by
the
German
company
[
adjust
GmbH
]
(
https
:
/
/
www
.
adjust
.
com
)
.
The
Adjust
SDK
is
open
source
and
MIT
licensed
.
It
is
hosted
at
[
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
adjust
/
android_sdk
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
adjust
/
android_sdk
)
.
Firefox
for
Android
pulls
in
an
unmodified
copy
of
the
SDK
using
Gradle
.
The
[
Dependencies
.
kt
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
blob
/
main
/
buildSrc
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
Dependencies
.
kt
)
contains
the
version
of
the
framework
that
is
being
used
.
The
SDK
is
documented
at
[
https
:
/
/
docs
.
adjust
.
com
]
(
https
:
/
/
docs
.
adjust
.
com
)
.
#
#
Adjust
Integration
The
Adjust
framework
is
abstracted
via
the
[
AdjustMetricService
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
blob
/
main
/
app
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
org
/
mozilla
/
fenix
/
components
/
metrics
/
AdjustMetricsService
.
kt
)
class
.
All
interaction
with
Adjust
happens
via
this
class
.
#
#
Adjust
Messages
The
Adjust
SDK
collects
and
sends
one
type
of
message
to
the
Adjust
backend
:
*
At
the
start
of
a
new
application
session
a
*
Session
Message
*
is
sent
with
basic
system
info
and
how
often
the
app
has
been
used
since
the
last
time
.
The
message
is
documented
below
in
more
detail
of
what
is
sent
in
each
HTTP
request
.
All
messages
are
posted
to
a
secure
endpoint
at
https
:
/
/
app
.
adjust
.
com
.
They
are
all
application
/
x
-
www
-
form
-
urlencoded
HTTP
POST
requests
.
#
#
#
Session
Message
#
#
#
#
Request
bundle_id
:
org
.
mozilla
.
fenix
tracking_enabled
:
0
language
:
en
country
:
CA
app_version
:
4
.
2
device_name
:
Pixel
2
app_version_short
:
2
.
0
needs_response_details
:
0
attribution_deeplink
:
1
session_count
:
1
os_name
:
android
event_buffering_enabled
:
0
idfv
:
8D452BFB
-
0692
-
4E8C
-
9DE0
-
7578486A872E
hardware_name
:
J127AP
app_token
:
xxxxxxxxxxxx
os_version
:
10
.
1
environment
:
production
created_at
:
2016
-
11
-
10T20
:
34
:
39
.
720Z
-
0500
device_type
:
phone
idfa
:
00000000
-
0000
-
0000
-
0000
-
000000000000
sent_at
:
2016
-
11
-
10T20
:
34
:
39
.
787Z
-
0500
These
parameters
(
including
ones
not
exposed
to
Mozilla
)
are
documented
at
[
https
:
/
/
partners
.
adjust
.
com
/
placeholders
/
]
(
https
:
/
/
partners
.
adjust
.
com
/
placeholders
/
)
#
#
#
#
Response
If
the
application
was
successfully
attributed
to
a
specific
campaign
details
for
that
campaign
are
sent
back
as
a
JSON
response
:
{
"
app_token
"
:
"
xxxxxxxxxxxx
"
"
adid
"
:
"
00000000000000000000
"
"
attribution
"
{
"
tracker_token
"
:
"
xxxxxx
"
"
tracker_name
"
:
"
Network
:
:
CAMPAIGN
:
:
ADGROUP
:
:
CREATIVE
"
"
network
"
:
"
Network
"
"
campaign
"
:
"
CAMPAIGN
"
"
adgroup
"
:
"
ADGROUP
"
"
creative
"
:
"
CREATIVE
"
}
}
The
application
has
no
use
for
this
information
and
ignores
it
.
