mobile/android/fenix/docs/crash-reporting.md, before:

#
Crash
Reporting
Firefox
Preview
uses
a
few
libraries
for
crash
and
exception
reporting
.
This
kind
of
reporting
gives
Mozilla
invaluable
insight
as
to
why
Firefox
Preview
crashes
or
incorrectly
behaves
.
It
is
one
of
the
key
methods
we
use
to
improve
the
product
in
terms
of
stability
.
This
page
documents
the
types
of
crash
reporting
how
the
various
parts
interact
and
what
kind
of
data
is
sent
back
to
Mozilla
.
Documentation
for
the
specific
libraries
is
included
in
the
[
Android
Components
Crash
Reporting
README
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
android
-
components
/
blob
/
master
/
components
/
lib
/
crash
/
README
.
md
)
.
#
#
Glean
crash
ping
[
Glean
SDK
]
(
https
:
/
/
mozilla
.
github
.
io
/
glean
/
book
/
index
.
html
)
is
a
Mozilla
open
source
telemetry
library
which
Firefox
Preview
uses
to
collect
app
telemetry
.
It
can
also
collect
crash
counts
as
a
labeled
counter
with
each
label
corresponding
to
a
specific
type
of
crash
(
such
as
native_code_crash
unhandled_exception
)
.
The
Glean
crash
ping
format
is
documented
[
here
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
android
-
components
/
blob
/
master
/
components
/
lib
/
crash
/
docs
/
metrics
.
md
)
.
To
opt
in
or
out
of
Glean
telemetry
reporting
visit
the
Data
collection
menu
under
Settings
.
#
#
Breadcrumbs
[
Breadcrumbs
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
android
-
components
/
blob
/
master
/
components
/
support
/
base
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
mozilla
/
components
/
support
/
base
/
crash
/
Breadcrumb
.
kt
)
are
trail
of
events
that
are
sent
with
each
crash
report
to
both
Socorro
and
Sentry
.
#
#
#
Events
In
[
HomeActivity
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
blob
/
master
/
app
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
org
/
mozilla
/
fenix
/
HomeActivity
.
kt
)
when
onDestinationChanged
occurs
the
destination
fragment
'
s
name
and
and
whether
it
is
a
custom
tab
is
added
to
the
breadcrumbs
.
#
#
Socorro
[
Socorro
]
(
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Socorro
)
is
a
Mozilla
open
source
project
for
[
crash
statistics
]
(
https
:
/
/
crash
-
stats
.
mozilla
.
org
/
)
.
Firefox
Preview
uses
Socorro
to
track
native
GeckoView
crashes
.
Crash
reports
contain
a
signature
classifications
and
a
number
of
improved
fields
(
e
.
g
.
OS
product
version
)
-
you
can
read
more
about
what
is
sent
in
these
fields
in
the
[
Socorro
report
documentation
]
(
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Projects
/
Crash_reporting
/
Understanding_crash_reports
)
.
These
crashes
contain
hardware
information
and
some
app
metadata
but
no
personally
identifiable
information
is
visible
in
the
report
.
A
few
privacy
-
sensitive
parts
are
only
available
to
users
who
have
"
minidump
access
"
which
is
a
relatively
small
number
of
users
with
specific
rules
they
must
follow
.
A
sample
Firefox
Preview
crash
report
can
be
found
[
here
]
(
https
:
/
/
crash
-
stats
.
mozilla
.
org
/
report
/
index
/
bbbcc019
-
f30c
-
4fbb
-
8cbd
-
543940190923
)
.
A
crash
report
is
only
sent
when
the
user
confirms
and
submits
it
through
the
crash
reporter
notification
or
dialog
.
Crash
reports
are
never
automatically
sent
.
#
#
Sentry
[
Sentry
]
(
https
:
/
/
sentry
.
io
)
is
an
open
source
crash
reporting
and
aggregation
platform
.
Both
the
client
SDK
[
github
.
com
/
getsentry
/
sentry
-
java
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
getsentry
/
sentry
-
java
)
and
the
server
[
github
.
com
/
getsentry
/
sentry
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
getsentry
/
sentry
)
are
open
source
.
A
crash
report
is
only
sent
when
the
user
confirms
and
submits
it
through
the
crash
reporter
notification
or
dialog
.
Crash
reports
are
never
automatically
sent
.
#
#
#
High
-
Level
Summary
The
server
is
hosted
and
maintained
by
Mozilla
.
There
are
no
third
-
parties
involved
all
crash
reports
are
sent
directly
from
Firefox
Preview
to
the
Sentry
server
hosted
by
Mozilla
.
On
the
client
side
Sentry
is
invisible
.
There
are
no
parts
to
interact
with
.
It
reports
crashes
and
fatal
errors
back
to
Mozilla
in
the
background
.
On
the
server
side
there
is
a
dashboard
that
the
Firefox
Preview
team
uses
to
look
at
incoming
crash
reports
.
The
dashboard
lets
us
inspect
the
crash
report
in
detail
and
for
example
see
where
in
the
application
the
crash
happened
what
version
of
the
application
was
used
and
what
version
of
Android
OS
was
active
.
Below
is
an
overview
of
all
the
attributes
that
are
part
of
a
crash
report
.
#
#
#
Sentry
Reports
A
typical
Sentry
crash
report
contains
three
categories
of
data
:
device
application
crash
.
It
also
contains
some
metadata
about
the
crash
report
:
"
id
"
:
"
6ae18611d6c649529a5eda0e48f42cb4
"
/
/
.
.
.
"
datetime
"
:
"
2018
-
03
-
30T23
:
55
:
03
.
000000Z
"
/
/
.
.
.
"
received
"
:
1522454183
.
0
To
clarify
id
is
a
unique
identifier
for
this
crash
report
*
not
a
unique
identifier
for
the
user
sending
the
report
.
*
We
explicitly
disable
the
ability
to
uniquely
identify
users
from
their
crash
reports
.
#
#
#
#
Device
Information
Sentry
collects
basic
information
about
the
device
the
application
is
running
on
.
Both
static
(
device
type
)
and
dynamic
(
memory
in
use
device
orientation
)
.
"
contexts
"
:
{
"
device
"
:
{
"
screen_resolution
"
:
"
1920x1080
"
"
battery_level
"
:
44
.
0
"
orientation
"
:
"
portrait
"
"
family
"
:
"
ONEPLUS
"
"
model_id
"
:
"
PQ3A
.
190705
.
003
"
"
type
"
:
"
device
"
"
low_memory
"
:
false
"
simulator
"
:
false
"
free_storage
"
:
21314179072
"
storage_size
"
:
56416321536
"
screen_dpi
"
:
420
"
free_memory
"
:
2506031104
"
memory_size
"
:
6005846016
"
online
"
:
true
"
charging
"
:
false
"
model
"
:
"
ONEPLUS
A5000
"
"
screen_density
"
:
2
.
625
"
arch
"
:
"
arm64
-
v8a
"
"
brand
"
:
"
OnePlus
"
"
manufacturer
"
:
"
OnePlus
"
}
/
/
.
.
.
"
os
"
:
{
"
rooted
"
:
true
"
kernel_version
"
:
"
4
.
4
.
184
-
sigmaKernel
-
v11
.
0
"
"
version
"
:
"
9
"
"
build
"
:
"
PQ3A
.
190705
.
003
"
"
type
"
:
"
os
"
"
name
"
:
"
Android
"
}
}
#
#
#
Application
Information
Sentry
collects
basic
information
about
the
Firefox
Preview
app
.
"
app
"
:
{
"
app_identifier
"
:
"
org
.
mozilla
.
fenix
"
"
app_name
"
:
"
Firefox
Preview
"
"
app_start_time
"
:
"
2019
-
09
-
23T21
:
00
:
05Z
"
"
app_version
"
:
"
1
.
4
.
1
"
"
type
"
:
"
app
"
"
app_build
"
:
12531634
}
"
sdk
"
:
{
"
version
"
:
"
1
.
7
.
10
-
598d4
"
"
name
"
:
"
sentry
-
java
"
}
#
#
#
Crash
Information
#
#
#
#
Stack
trace
Every
crash
report
contains
a
*
stack
trace
*
which
shows
what
functions
in
the
Firefox
Preview
code
led
to
this
crash
.
It
includes
names
of
Android
framework
functions
and
Firefox
Preview
functions
.
Here
'
s
an
excerpt
of
three
lines
from
the
stack
trace
:
"
sentry
.
interfaces
.
Exception
"
:
{
"
exc_omitted
"
:
null
"
values
"
:
[
{
"
stacktrace
"
:
{
"
frames
"
:
[
{
"
function
"
:
"
main
"
"
abs_path
"
:
"
ZygoteInit
.
java
"
"
module
"
:
"
com
.
android
.
internal
.
os
.
ZygoteInit
"
"
in_app
"
:
false
"
lineno
"
:
801
"
filename
"
:
"
ZygoteInit
.
java
"
}
{
"
function
"
:
"
run
"
"
abs_path
"
:
"
ZygoteInit
.
java
"
"
module
"
:
"
com
.
android
.
internal
.
os
.
ZygoteInit
MethodAndArgsCaller
"
"
in_app
"
:
false
"
lineno
"
:
911
"
filename
"
:
"
ZygoteInit
.
java
"
}
{
"
function
"
:
"
invoke
"
"
abs_path
"
:
"
Method
.
java
"
"
in_app
"
:
false
"
module
"
:
"
java
.
lang
.
reflect
.
Method
"
"
filename
"
:
"
Method
.
java
"
}
#
#
#
#
#
Exception
message
The
first
line
of
every
stack
trace
in
every
crash
report
contains
a
*
reason
*
-
why
did
this
crash
happen
.
This
reason
is
provided
by
the
developers
who
wrote
the
code
that
decide
the
app
is
in
an
error
state
.
These
developers
include
the
Firefox
Preview
team
at
Mozilla
the
Android
framework
the
Java
programming
language
and
any
libraries
Mozilla
bundles
to
develop
Firefox
Preview
.
Java
the
Android
framework
and
Mozilla
are
diligent
about
making
sure
that
no
personally
identifiable
information
is
put
in
any
of
these
messages
.
We
keep
them
technical
and
to
the
point
.
We
at
Mozilla
stay
on
top
of
our
dependencies
to
ensure
they
'
re
not
including
personally
identifiable
information
as
well
.
Here
'
s
an
example
message
generated
by
Java
:
java
.
lang
.
StringIndexOutOfBoundsException
:
length
=
0
;
regionStart
=
20
;
regionLength
=
20
Example
of
a
Firefox
Preview
generated
message
:
java
.
lang
.
StringIndexOutOfBoundsException
:
Cannot
create
negative
-
length
String
#
#
#
#
#
Raw
data
dump
In
the
explanations
above
some
redundant
fields
and
field
considered
less
important
were
omitted
for
brevity
.
To
review
these
omissions
[
this
is
an
example
of
the
raw
data
the
server
receives
]
(
https
:
/
/
gist
.
github
.
com
/
mcomella
/
50622aef817b40a20714b8550fb19991
)
.
This
is
up
-
to
-
date
as
of
March
30
2018
.

Commit message:

[fenix] Update crash reporting doc to refer to deprecate "preview"
UltraBlame original commit: 6c905dc4fad20a043bc07fbf89443363e5832a41

mobile/android/fenix/docs/crash-reporting.md, after:

#
Crash
Reporting
Firefox
for
Android
uses
a
few
libraries
for
crash
and
exception
reporting
.
This
kind
of
reporting
gives
Mozilla
invaluable
insight
as
to
why
Firefox
for
Android
crashes
or
incorrectly
behaves
.
It
is
one
of
the
key
methods
we
use
to
improve
the
product
in
terms
of
stability
.
This
page
documents
the
types
of
crash
reporting
how
the
various
parts
interact
and
what
kind
of
data
is
sent
back
to
Mozilla
.
Documentation
for
the
specific
libraries
is
included
in
the
[
Android
Components
Crash
Reporting
README
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
android
-
components
/
blob
/
master
/
components
/
lib
/
crash
/
README
.
md
)
.
#
#
Glean
crash
ping
[
Glean
SDK
]
(
https
:
/
/
mozilla
.
github
.
io
/
glean
/
book
/
index
.
html
)
is
a
Mozilla
open
source
telemetry
library
which
Firefox
for
Android
uses
to
collect
app
telemetry
.
It
can
also
collect
crash
counts
as
a
labeled
counter
with
each
label
corresponding
to
a
specific
type
of
crash
(
such
as
native_code_crash
unhandled_exception
)
.
The
Glean
crash
ping
format
is
documented
[
here
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
android
-
components
/
blob
/
master
/
components
/
lib
/
crash
/
docs
/
metrics
.
md
)
.
To
opt
in
or
out
of
Glean
telemetry
reporting
visit
the
Data
collection
menu
under
Settings
.
#
#
Breadcrumbs
[
Breadcrumbs
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
android
-
components
/
blob
/
master
/
components
/
support
/
base
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
mozilla
/
components
/
support
/
base
/
crash
/
Breadcrumb
.
kt
)
are
trail
of
events
that
are
sent
with
each
crash
report
to
both
Socorro
and
Sentry
.
#
#
#
Events
In
[
HomeActivity
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
blob
/
master
/
app
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
org
/
mozilla
/
fenix
/
HomeActivity
.
kt
)
when
onDestinationChanged
occurs
the
destination
fragment
'
s
name
and
and
whether
it
is
a
custom
tab
is
added
to
the
breadcrumbs
.
#
#
Socorro
[
Socorro
]
(
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Socorro
)
is
a
Mozilla
open
source
project
for
[
crash
statistics
]
(
https
:
/
/
crash
-
stats
.
mozilla
.
org
/
)
.
Firefox
for
Android
uses
Socorro
to
track
native
GeckoView
crashes
.
Crash
reports
contain
a
signature
classifications
and
a
number
of
improved
fields
(
e
.
g
.
OS
product
version
)
-
you
can
read
more
about
what
is
sent
in
these
fields
in
the
[
Socorro
report
documentation
]
(
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Projects
/
Crash_reporting
/
Understanding_crash_reports
)
.
These
crashes
contain
hardware
information
and
some
app
metadata
but
no
personally
identifiable
information
is
visible
in
the
report
.
A
few
privacy
-
sensitive
parts
are
only
available
to
users
who
have
"
minidump
access
"
which
is
a
relatively
small
number
of
users
with
specific
rules
they
must
follow
.
A
sample
Firefox
for
Android
crash
report
can
be
found
[
here
]
(
https
:
/
/
crash
-
stats
.
mozilla
.
org
/
report
/
index
/
bbbcc019
-
f30c
-
4fbb
-
8cbd
-
543940190923
)
.
A
crash
report
is
only
sent
when
the
user
confirms
and
submits
it
through
the
crash
reporter
notification
or
dialog
.
Crash
reports
are
never
automatically
sent
.
#
#
Sentry
[
Sentry
]
(
https
:
/
/
sentry
.
io
)
is
an
open
source
crash
reporting
and
aggregation
platform
.
Both
the
client
SDK
[
github
.
com
/
getsentry
/
sentry
-
java
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
getsentry
/
sentry
-
java
)
and
the
server
[
github
.
com
/
getsentry
/
sentry
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
getsentry
/
sentry
)
are
open
source
.
A
crash
report
is
only
sent
when
the
user
confirms
and
submits
it
through
the
crash
reporter
notification
or
dialog
.
Crash
reports
are
never
automatically
sent
.
#
#
#
High
-
Level
Summary
The
server
is
hosted
and
maintained
by
Mozilla
.
There
are
no
third
-
parties
involved
all
crash
reports
are
sent
directly
from
Firefox
for
Android
to
the
Sentry
server
hosted
by
Mozilla
.
On
the
client
side
Sentry
is
invisible
.
There
are
no
parts
to
interact
with
.
It
reports
crashes
and
fatal
errors
back
to
Mozilla
in
the
background
.
On
the
server
side
there
is
a
dashboard
that
the
Firefox
for
Android
team
uses
to
look
at
incoming
crash
reports
.
The
dashboard
lets
us
inspect
the
crash
report
in
detail
and
for
example
see
where
in
the
application
the
crash
happened
what
version
of
the
application
was
used
and
what
version
of
Android
OS
was
active
.
Below
is
an
overview
of
all
the
attributes
that
are
part
of
a
crash
report
.
#
#
#
Sentry
Reports
A
typical
Sentry
crash
report
contains
three
categories
of
data
:
device
application
crash
.
It
also
contains
some
metadata
about
the
crash
report
:
"
id
"
:
"
6ae18611d6c649529a5eda0e48f42cb4
"
/
/
.
.
.
"
datetime
"
:
"
2018
-
03
-
30T23
:
55
:
03
.
000000Z
"
/
/
.
.
.
"
received
"
:
1522454183
.
0
To
clarify
id
is
a
unique
identifier
for
this
crash
report
*
not
a
unique
identifier
for
the
user
sending
the
report
.
*
We
explicitly
disable
the
ability
to
uniquely
identify
users
from
their
crash
reports
.
#
#
#
#
Device
Information
Sentry
collects
basic
information
about
the
device
the
application
is
running
on
.
Both
static
(
device
type
)
and
dynamic
(
memory
in
use
device
orientation
)
.
"
contexts
"
:
{
"
device
"
:
{
"
screen_resolution
"
:
"
1920x1080
"
"
battery_level
"
:
44
.
0
"
orientation
"
:
"
portrait
"
"
family
"
:
"
ONEPLUS
"
"
model_id
"
:
"
PQ3A
.
190705
.
003
"
"
type
"
:
"
device
"
"
low_memory
"
:
false
"
simulator
"
:
false
"
free_storage
"
:
21314179072
"
storage_size
"
:
56416321536
"
screen_dpi
"
:
420
"
free_memory
"
:
2506031104
"
memory_size
"
:
6005846016
"
online
"
:
true
"
charging
"
:
false
"
model
"
:
"
ONEPLUS
A5000
"
"
screen_density
"
:
2
.
625
"
arch
"
:
"
arm64
-
v8a
"
"
brand
"
:
"
OnePlus
"
"
manufacturer
"
:
"
OnePlus
"
}
/
/
.
.
.
"
os
"
:
{
"
rooted
"
:
true
"
kernel_version
"
:
"
4
.
4
.
184
-
sigmaKernel
-
v11
.
0
"
"
version
"
:
"
9
"
"
build
"
:
"
PQ3A
.
190705
.
003
"
"
type
"
:
"
os
"
"
name
"
:
"
Android
"
}
}
#
#
#
Application
Information
Sentry
collects
basic
information
about
the
Firefox
for
Android
app
.
"
app
"
:
{
"
app_identifier
"
:
"
org
.
mozilla
.
fenix
"
"
app_name
"
:
"
Firefox
Preview
"
"
app_start_time
"
:
"
2019
-
09
-
23T21
:
00
:
05Z
"
"
app_version
"
:
"
1
.
4
.
1
"
"
type
"
:
"
app
"
"
app_build
"
:
12531634
}
"
sdk
"
:
{
"
version
"
:
"
1
.
7
.
10
-
598d4
"
"
name
"
:
"
sentry
-
java
"
}
#
#
#
Crash
Information
#
#
#
#
Stack
trace
Every
crash
report
contains
a
*
stack
trace
*
which
shows
what
functions
in
the
Firefox
for
Android
code
led
to
this
crash
.
It
includes
names
of
Android
framework
functions
and
Firefox
for
Android
functions
.
Here
'
s
an
excerpt
of
three
lines
from
the
stack
trace
:
"
sentry
.
interfaces
.
Exception
"
:
{
"
exc_omitted
"
:
null
"
values
"
:
[
{
"
stacktrace
"
:
{
"
frames
"
:
[
{
"
function
"
:
"
main
"
"
abs_path
"
:
"
ZygoteInit
.
java
"
"
module
"
:
"
com
.
android
.
internal
.
os
.
ZygoteInit
"
"
in_app
"
:
false
"
lineno
"
:
801
"
filename
"
:
"
ZygoteInit
.
java
"
}
{
"
function
"
:
"
run
"
"
abs_path
"
:
"
ZygoteInit
.
java
"
"
module
"
:
"
com
.
android
.
internal
.
os
.
ZygoteInit
MethodAndArgsCaller
"
"
in_app
"
:
false
"
lineno
"
:
911
"
filename
"
:
"
ZygoteInit
.
java
"
}
{
"
function
"
:
"
invoke
"
"
abs_path
"
:
"
Method
.
java
"
"
in_app
"
:
false
"
module
"
:
"
java
.
lang
.
reflect
.
Method
"
"
filename
"
:
"
Method
.
java
"
}
#
#
#
#
#
Exception
message
The
first
line
of
every
stack
trace
in
every
crash
report
contains
a
*
reason
*
-
why
did
this
crash
happen
.
This
reason
is
provided
by
the
developers
who
wrote
the
code
that
decide
the
app
is
in
an
error
state
.
These
developers
include
the
Firefox
for
Android
team
at
Mozilla
the
Android
framework
the
Java
programming
language
and
any
libraries
Mozilla
bundles
to
develop
Firefox
for
Android
.
Java
the
Android
framework
and
Mozilla
are
diligent
about
making
sure
that
no
personally
identifiable
information
is
put
in
any
of
these
messages
.
We
keep
them
technical
and
to
the
point
.
We
at
Mozilla
stay
on
top
of
our
dependencies
to
ensure
they
'
re
not
including
personally
identifiable
information
as
well
.
Here
'
s
an
example
message
generated
by
Java
:
java
.
lang
.
StringIndexOutOfBoundsException
:
length
=
0
;
regionStart
=
20
;
regionLength
=
20
Example
of
a
Firefox
for
Android
generated
message
:
java
.
lang
.
StringIndexOutOfBoundsException
:
Cannot
create
negative
-
length
String
#
#
#
#
#
Raw
data
dump
In
the
explanations
above
some
redundant
fields
and
field
considered
less
important
were
omitted
for
brevity
.
To
review
these
omissions
[
this
is
an
example
of
the
raw
data
the
server
receives
]
(
https
:
/
/
gist
.
github
.
com
/
mcomella
/
50622aef817b40a20714b8550fb19991
)
.
This
is
up
-
to
-
date
as
of
March
30
2018
.
