mobile/android/fenix/docs/mma.md, before:

MMA
(
Mobile
Marketing
Automation
)
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Mozilla
wants
to
engage
with
users
more
.
MMA
is
the
project
for
this
purpose
.
When
a
user
performs
a
certain
UI
action
(
or
set
of
UI
actions
)
she
will
see
a
prompt
and
have
a
chance
to
interact
with
it
.
For
example
if
a
user
uses
Firefox
10
times
a
week
but
Firefox
is
not
her
default
browser
we
'
ll
prompt
the
user
the
next
time
when
she
launches
our
app
and
guide
her
to
set
us
as
default
browser
.
Mozilla
is
using
a
third
party
framework
called
"
Leanplum
"
in
order
to
achieve
this
.
Leanplum
is
a
San
Francisco
company
founded
in
2012
.
We
put
their
SDK
in
our
codebase
via
Carthage
.
The
SDK
is
documented
at
https
:
/
/
www
.
leanplum
.
com
/
docs
/
android
There
are
four
major
components
in
Leanplum
SDK
.
1
.
Events
:
Events
are
fired
when
users
perform
certain
actions
.
2
.
User
Attributes
:
User
Attributes
are
set
on
a
per
-
user
basis
and
inform
us
about
an
aspect
of
the
user
.
3
.
Deep
Links
:
Actions
that
users
can
perform
to
interact
with
the
Message
.
4
.
Messages
:
User
Interaction
points
that
we
want
to
engage
with
users
that
help
them
use
Firefox
better
.
An
Event
or
a
series
of
Events
plus
some
User
Attributes
may
trigger
a
Message
and
when
the
user
acts
on
the
Message
a
Deep
Link
may
be
processed
.
Data
collection
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Who
will
have
Leanplum
enabled
?
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Everyone
with
Telemetry
enabled
.
Where
does
data
sent
to
the
Leanplum
backend
go
?
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
Leanplum
SDK
is
hard
-
coded
to
send
data
to
the
endpoint
https
:
/
/
www
.
leanplum
.
com
.
The
endpoint
is
defined
by
com
.
leanplum
.
internal
.
Constants
.
API_HOST_NAME
at
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
Leanplum
/
Leanplum
-
Android
-
SDK
/
blob
/
master
/
AndroidSDKCore
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
com
/
leanplum
/
internal
/
Constants
.
java
#
L32
The
user
is
identified
by
Leanplum
using
a
random
UUID
generated
by
us
when
Leanplum
is
initialized
for
the
first
time
.
See
:
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
blob
/
master
/
app
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
org
/
mozilla
/
fenix
/
components
/
metrics
/
LeanplumMetricsService
.
kt
This
unique
identifier
is
only
used
by
Leanplum
and
can
'
t
be
tracked
back
to
any
Firefox
users
.
What
data
is
collected
and
sent
to
the
Leanplum
backend
?
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
Leanplum
SDK
collects
and
sends
the
following
information
at
various
times
while
the
SDK
is
in
use
.
Sent
every
time
when
an
event
is
triggered
:
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
"
action
"
-
>
"
track
"
/
/
track
:
an
event
is
tracked
.
"
event
"
-
>
"
Launch
"
/
/
Used
when
an
event
is
triggered
.
e
.
g
.
E_Saved_Bookmark
.
"
info
"
-
>
"
"
/
/
Used
when
an
event
is
triggered
.
Basic
context
associated
with
the
event
.
"
value
"
-
>
0
.
0
/
/
Used
when
an
event
is
triggered
.
Value
of
that
event
.
"
messageId
"
-
>
5111602214338560
/
/
Used
when
an
event
is
triggered
.
The
ID
of
the
message
.
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Sent
when
the
app
starts
:
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
"
action
"
-
>
"
start
"
/
/
start
:
Leanplum
SDK
starts
.
heartbeat
"
userAttributes
"
-
>
"
{
/
/
A
set
of
key
-
value
pairs
used
to
describe
the
user
.
"
Focus
Installed
"
-
>
true
/
/
If
Focus
for
Android
is
installed
.
"
Klar
Installed
"
-
>
true
/
/
If
Klar
for
Android
is
installed
.
"
Fennec
Installed
"
-
>
true
/
/
If
Fennec
for
Android
is
installed
.
}
"
"
appId
"
-
>
"
app_6Ao
.
.
.
.
"
/
/
Leanplum
App
ID
.
"
clientKey
"
-
>
"
dev_srwDUNZR
.
.
.
.
"
/
/
Leanplum
client
access
key
.
"
systemName
"
-
>
"
Android
"
/
/
Fixed
String
in
SDK
.
"
locale
"
-
>
"
zh_TW
"
/
/
System
Locale
.
"
timezone
"
-
>
"
Asia
/
Taipei
"
/
/
System
Timezone
.
"
versionName
"
-
>
"
55
.
0a1
"
/
/
Fennec
version
.
"
systemVersion
"
-
>
"
10
.
3
.
1
"
/
/
System
version
.
"
deviceModel
"
-
>
"
Galaxy
"
/
/
System
device
model
.
"
timezoneOffsetSeconds
"
-
>
"
28800
"
/
/
User
timezone
offset
with
PST
.
"
deviceName
"
-
>
"
sdaswani
-
31710
"
/
/
System
device
name
.
"
region
"
-
>
"
(
detect
)
"
/
/
Not
used
.
We
strip
location
so
this
is
will
be
the
default
stub
value
in
Leanplum
SDK
.
"
city
"
-
>
"
(
detect
)
"
/
/
Same
as
above
.
"
country
"
-
>
"
(
detect
)
"
/
/
Same
as
above
.
"
location
"
-
>
"
(
detect
)
"
/
/
Same
as
above
.
"
newsfeedMessages
"
-
>
"
size
=
0
"
/
/
Not
used
.
New
Leanplum
Inbox
message
(
Leanplum
feature
)
count
.
"
includeDefaults
"
-
>
"
false
"
/
/
Not
used
.
Always
false
.
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Sent
every
time
a
session
is
renewed
or
has
a
state
change
:
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
"
action
"
-
>
"
heartbeat
"
/
/
heartbeat
:
every
15
minutes
when
app
is
in
the
foreground
/
/
pauseSession
:
when
app
goes
to
background
/
/
resumeSession
:
when
app
goes
to
foreground
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Sent
for
every
Message
:
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
"
userId
"
-
>
"
b13b3c239d01aa7c
"
/
/
Set
by
Fennec
we
use
random
uuid
so
users
are
anonymous
to
Leanplum
.
"
deviceId
"
-
>
"
b13b3c239d01aa7c
"
/
/
Same
as
above
.
"
sdkVersion
"
-
>
"
2
.
2
.
2
-
SNAPSHOT
"
/
/
Leanplum
SDK
version
.
"
devMode
"
-
>
"
true
"
/
/
If
the
SDK
is
in
developer
mode
.
For
official
builds
it
'
s
false
.
"
time
"
-
>
"
1
.
497595093902E9
"
/
/
System
time
in
second
.
"
token
"
-
>
"
nksZ5pa0R5iegC7wj
.
.
.
.
"
/
/
Token
come
from
Leanplum
backend
.
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Notes
on
what
data
is
collected
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
User
Identifier
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Since
Device
ID
is
a
random
UUID
Leanplum
can
'
t
map
the
device
to
any
know
Client
ID
in
Fennec
nor
Advertising
ID
.
User
Attributes
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
<
table
>
<
tr
>
<
th
>
Key
<
/
th
>
<
th
>
Description
<
/
th
>
<
th
>
Data
Review
<
/
th
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
default_browser
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
string
containing
the
name
of
the
default
browser
if
property
of
Mozilla
or
an
empty
string
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502252010
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
focus_installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
Firefox
Focus
is
installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502252010
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
klar_installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
Firefox
Klar
is
installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502252010
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fennec_installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
Fennec
is
installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502252010
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fxa_signed_in
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
the
user
is
signed
in
to
FxA
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4568
#
issuecomment
-
519159545
"
>
#
4568
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fxa_has_synced_items
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
the
user
has
opted
to
sync
at
least
one
category
of
items
with
FxA
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4568
#
issuecomment
-
519159545
"
>
#
4568
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
search_widget_installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
the
user
has
at
least
one
search
widget
placed
on
the
home
screen
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4694
#
issuecomment
-
520591275
"
>
#
4694
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
tracking_protection_enabled
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
the
user
has
enabled
tracking
protection
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
11965
#
issuecomment
-
649731798
"
>
#
11965
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
tracking_protection_setting
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
string
indicating
the
level
at
which
the
user
has
set
tracking
protection
.
Possible
values
are
none
standard
strict
and
custom
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
11965
#
issuecomment
-
649731798
"
>
#
11965
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
this
is
a
Fenix
installation
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
8208
"
>
#
8208
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
installed_addons
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
there
are
addons
installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
13233
"
>
#
13233
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
enabled_addons
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
there
are
addons
enabled
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
13233
"
>
#
13233
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
/
table
>
Events
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Most
of
the
Leanplum
events
can
be
mapped
to
a
single
combination
of
Telemetry
event
(
Event
+
Method
+
Extra
)
.
Some
events
are
not
collected
in
Mozilla
Telemetry
.
This
will
be
addressed
separately
in
each
campaign
review
.
There
are
three
elements
that
are
used
for
each
event
.
They
are
:
event
name
value
(
default
:
0
.
0
)
and
info
(
default
:
"
"
)
.
Default
value
for
event
value
is
0
.
0
.
Default
value
for
event
info
is
empty
string
.
Here
is
the
list
of
current
Events
sent
which
can
be
found
here
in
the
code
base
:
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
blob
/
master
/
app
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
org
/
mozilla
/
fenix
/
components
/
metrics
/
LeanplumMetricsService
.
kt
<
table
>
<
tr
>
<
th
>
Event
<
/
th
>
<
th
>
Description
<
/
th
>
<
th
>
Data
Review
<
/
th
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Opened_App_FirstRun
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
first
launch
after
install
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502252010
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Opened_App
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Whenever
the
App
is
launched
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502252010
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Interact_With_Search_URL_Area
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
interacts
with
search
url
area
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502252010
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Opened_Bookmark
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
opened
a
bookmark
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3632
#
issuecomment
-
505135753
"
>
#
3632
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Add_Bookmark
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
added
a
bookmark
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3632
#
issuecomment
-
505135753
"
>
#
3632
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Remove_Bookmark
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
removed
a
bookmark
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3632
#
issuecomment
-
505135753
"
>
#
3632
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Collection_Created
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
created
a
new
collection
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4626
#
issuecomment
-
519691332
"
>
#
4626
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Collection_Tab_Opened
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
opened
a
tab
from
a
previously
created
collection
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4626
#
issuecomment
-
519691332
"
>
#
4626
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_FxA_New_Signup
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
completed
the
signup
process
to
new
FxA
account
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4626
#
issuecomment
-
519691332
"
>
#
4626
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Sign_In_FxA
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
successfully
signed
in
to
FxA
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4626
#
issuecomment
-
519691332
"
>
#
4626
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Sign_In_FxA_Fennec_to_Fenix
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
successfully
signed
in
to
FxA
using
previously
signed
in
Fennec
account
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4626
#
issuecomment
-
519691332
"
>
#
4626
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Sign_Out_FxA
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
successfully
signed
out
of
FxA
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4626
#
issuecomment
-
519691332
"
>
#
4626
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Cleared_Private_Data
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
cleared
one
or
many
types
of
private
data
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4626
#
issuecomment
-
519691332
"
>
#
4626
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Dismissed_Onboarding
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
finished
onboarding
.
Could
be
triggered
by
pressing
"
start
browsing
"
opening
settings
or
invoking
a
search
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502191109
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Fennec_To_Fenix_Migrated
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
has
just
migrated
from
Fennec
to
Fenix
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
8208
#
issuecomment
-
584040440
"
>
#
8208
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Addon_Installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
has
installed
an
addon
from
the
addon
management
page
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
12136
#
issuecomment
-
651922547
"
>
#
12136
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Search_Widget_Added
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
has
installed
the
search
widget
to
their
homescreen
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
13003
"
>
#
13003
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Changed_Default_To_Fenix
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
has
changed
their
default
browser
to
Fenix
while
Fenix
was
in
the
background
and
then
resumed
the
app
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
13003
"
>
#
13003
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Changed_ETP
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
has
changed
their
enhanched
tracking
protection
setting
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
13003
"
>
#
13003
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
/
table
>
Deep
links
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Deep
links
are
hooks
utilized
by
marketing
to
direct
users
to
certain
portions
of
the
application
through
a
link
.
They
can
also
be
invoked
by
other
applications
or
even
users
directly
to
access
specific
screens
quickly
.
Here
is
the
list
of
current
deep
links
available
which
can
be
found
here
in
the
code
base
:
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
blob
/
master
/
app
/
src
/
main
/
AndroidManifest
.
xml
<
table
>
<
tr
>
<
th
>
Deep
link
<
/
th
>
<
th
>
Description
<
/
th
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
home
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
Fenix
home
screen
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
urls_bookmarks
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
list
of
the
user
'
s
bookmarks
at
its
root
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
urls_history
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
list
of
pages
the
user
has
visited
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
home_collections
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
list
of
collections
the
user
has
saved
.
It
is
implemented
as
fenix
:
/
/
home
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
top
level
settings
screen
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
turn_on_sync
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
turn
on
sync
screen
.
*
*
Only
valid
if
the
user
is
not
signed
in
to
FxA
*
*
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_search_engine
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
search
engine
settings
screen
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_accessibility
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
accessibility
settings
screen
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_delete_browsing_data
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
delete
browsing
data
settings
screen
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_addon_manager
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
settings
page
to
install
and
manage
addons
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_logins
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
Logins
and
passwords
settings
page
configure
how
logins
are
treated
.
This
is
*
not
*
the
list
of
actual
logins
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_tracking_protection
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
Enhanced
Tracking
Protection
settings
page
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_privacy
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
settings
page
which
contains
the
privacy
settings
.
Currently
this
is
the
same
as
fenix
:
/
/
settings
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
enable_private_browsing
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
Fenix
home
screen
and
enables
private
browsing
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
open
?
url
=
{
DESIRED_URL
}
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Creates
a
new
tab
opens
to
the
browser
screen
and
loads
the
{
DESIRED_URL
}
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
make_default_browser
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
Android
default
apps
settings
screen
.
*
*
Only
works
on
Android
API
>
=
24
*
*
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_notifications
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
Android
notification
settings
screen
for
Fenix
.
*
*
Only
works
on
Android
API
>
=
24
*
*
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
install_search_widget
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Adds
the
search
widget
to
the
users
launcher
homescreen
.
*
*
Only
works
on
Android
API
>
=
26
*
*
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
/
table
>
Messages
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Messages
are
in
-
app
prompts
to
the
user
from
Leanplum
.
The
user
interaction
of
that
prompt
will
be
sent
to
the
Leanplum
backend
(
such
as
"
Accept
"
or
"
Show
"
)
to
track
overall
engagement
with
the
Message
.
The
Message
is
downloaded
from
Leanplum
when
the
Leanplum
SDK
is
initialized
at
App
start
assuming
the
fulfillment
criteria
for
the
Message
is
met
.
As
mentioned
before
the
fulfillment
criteria
is
a
set
of
required
Events
and
User
Attributes
.
The
fulfillment
criteria
are
set
in
the
Leanplum
backend
.
We
currently
don
'
t
have
any
messages
planned
for
Firefox
Preview

Commit message:

[fenix] For https://github.com/mozilla-mobile/fenix/issues/18453 - Show SUMO for default browser deeplink on Android <N
Lower Android versions don't offer the possibility of opening system settings
at a specific preference. In this cases we already shown a sumo article
detailing the manual steps each user is expected to perform to change the
system set default browser.

UltraBlame original commit: 9b58a0a1d44dfd68f784f0a607cc320c8e857793

mobile/android/fenix/docs/mma.md, after:

MMA
(
Mobile
Marketing
Automation
)
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Mozilla
wants
to
engage
with
users
more
.
MMA
is
the
project
for
this
purpose
.
When
a
user
performs
a
certain
UI
action
(
or
set
of
UI
actions
)
she
will
see
a
prompt
and
have
a
chance
to
interact
with
it
.
For
example
if
a
user
uses
Firefox
10
times
a
week
but
Firefox
is
not
her
default
browser
we
'
ll
prompt
the
user
the
next
time
when
she
launches
our
app
and
guide
her
to
set
us
as
default
browser
.
Mozilla
is
using
a
third
party
framework
called
"
Leanplum
"
in
order
to
achieve
this
.
Leanplum
is
a
San
Francisco
company
founded
in
2012
.
We
put
their
SDK
in
our
codebase
via
Carthage
.
The
SDK
is
documented
at
https
:
/
/
www
.
leanplum
.
com
/
docs
/
android
There
are
four
major
components
in
Leanplum
SDK
.
1
.
Events
:
Events
are
fired
when
users
perform
certain
actions
.
2
.
User
Attributes
:
User
Attributes
are
set
on
a
per
-
user
basis
and
inform
us
about
an
aspect
of
the
user
.
3
.
Deep
Links
:
Actions
that
users
can
perform
to
interact
with
the
Message
.
4
.
Messages
:
User
Interaction
points
that
we
want
to
engage
with
users
that
help
them
use
Firefox
better
.
An
Event
or
a
series
of
Events
plus
some
User
Attributes
may
trigger
a
Message
and
when
the
user
acts
on
the
Message
a
Deep
Link
may
be
processed
.
Data
collection
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Who
will
have
Leanplum
enabled
?
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Everyone
with
Telemetry
enabled
.
Where
does
data
sent
to
the
Leanplum
backend
go
?
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
Leanplum
SDK
is
hard
-
coded
to
send
data
to
the
endpoint
https
:
/
/
www
.
leanplum
.
com
.
The
endpoint
is
defined
by
com
.
leanplum
.
internal
.
Constants
.
API_HOST_NAME
at
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
Leanplum
/
Leanplum
-
Android
-
SDK
/
blob
/
master
/
AndroidSDKCore
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
com
/
leanplum
/
internal
/
Constants
.
java
#
L32
The
user
is
identified
by
Leanplum
using
a
random
UUID
generated
by
us
when
Leanplum
is
initialized
for
the
first
time
.
See
:
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
blob
/
master
/
app
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
org
/
mozilla
/
fenix
/
components
/
metrics
/
LeanplumMetricsService
.
kt
This
unique
identifier
is
only
used
by
Leanplum
and
can
'
t
be
tracked
back
to
any
Firefox
users
.
What
data
is
collected
and
sent
to
the
Leanplum
backend
?
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
Leanplum
SDK
collects
and
sends
the
following
information
at
various
times
while
the
SDK
is
in
use
.
Sent
every
time
when
an
event
is
triggered
:
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
"
action
"
-
>
"
track
"
/
/
track
:
an
event
is
tracked
.
"
event
"
-
>
"
Launch
"
/
/
Used
when
an
event
is
triggered
.
e
.
g
.
E_Saved_Bookmark
.
"
info
"
-
>
"
"
/
/
Used
when
an
event
is
triggered
.
Basic
context
associated
with
the
event
.
"
value
"
-
>
0
.
0
/
/
Used
when
an
event
is
triggered
.
Value
of
that
event
.
"
messageId
"
-
>
5111602214338560
/
/
Used
when
an
event
is
triggered
.
The
ID
of
the
message
.
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Sent
when
the
app
starts
:
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
"
action
"
-
>
"
start
"
/
/
start
:
Leanplum
SDK
starts
.
heartbeat
"
userAttributes
"
-
>
"
{
/
/
A
set
of
key
-
value
pairs
used
to
describe
the
user
.
"
Focus
Installed
"
-
>
true
/
/
If
Focus
for
Android
is
installed
.
"
Klar
Installed
"
-
>
true
/
/
If
Klar
for
Android
is
installed
.
"
Fennec
Installed
"
-
>
true
/
/
If
Fennec
for
Android
is
installed
.
}
"
"
appId
"
-
>
"
app_6Ao
.
.
.
.
"
/
/
Leanplum
App
ID
.
"
clientKey
"
-
>
"
dev_srwDUNZR
.
.
.
.
"
/
/
Leanplum
client
access
key
.
"
systemName
"
-
>
"
Android
"
/
/
Fixed
String
in
SDK
.
"
locale
"
-
>
"
zh_TW
"
/
/
System
Locale
.
"
timezone
"
-
>
"
Asia
/
Taipei
"
/
/
System
Timezone
.
"
versionName
"
-
>
"
55
.
0a1
"
/
/
Fennec
version
.
"
systemVersion
"
-
>
"
10
.
3
.
1
"
/
/
System
version
.
"
deviceModel
"
-
>
"
Galaxy
"
/
/
System
device
model
.
"
timezoneOffsetSeconds
"
-
>
"
28800
"
/
/
User
timezone
offset
with
PST
.
"
deviceName
"
-
>
"
sdaswani
-
31710
"
/
/
System
device
name
.
"
region
"
-
>
"
(
detect
)
"
/
/
Not
used
.
We
strip
location
so
this
is
will
be
the
default
stub
value
in
Leanplum
SDK
.
"
city
"
-
>
"
(
detect
)
"
/
/
Same
as
above
.
"
country
"
-
>
"
(
detect
)
"
/
/
Same
as
above
.
"
location
"
-
>
"
(
detect
)
"
/
/
Same
as
above
.
"
newsfeedMessages
"
-
>
"
size
=
0
"
/
/
Not
used
.
New
Leanplum
Inbox
message
(
Leanplum
feature
)
count
.
"
includeDefaults
"
-
>
"
false
"
/
/
Not
used
.
Always
false
.
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Sent
every
time
a
session
is
renewed
or
has
a
state
change
:
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
"
action
"
-
>
"
heartbeat
"
/
/
heartbeat
:
every
15
minutes
when
app
is
in
the
foreground
/
/
pauseSession
:
when
app
goes
to
background
/
/
resumeSession
:
when
app
goes
to
foreground
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Sent
for
every
Message
:
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
"
userId
"
-
>
"
b13b3c239d01aa7c
"
/
/
Set
by
Fennec
we
use
random
uuid
so
users
are
anonymous
to
Leanplum
.
"
deviceId
"
-
>
"
b13b3c239d01aa7c
"
/
/
Same
as
above
.
"
sdkVersion
"
-
>
"
2
.
2
.
2
-
SNAPSHOT
"
/
/
Leanplum
SDK
version
.
"
devMode
"
-
>
"
true
"
/
/
If
the
SDK
is
in
developer
mode
.
For
official
builds
it
'
s
false
.
"
time
"
-
>
"
1
.
497595093902E9
"
/
/
System
time
in
second
.
"
token
"
-
>
"
nksZ5pa0R5iegC7wj
.
.
.
.
"
/
/
Token
come
from
Leanplum
backend
.
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Notes
on
what
data
is
collected
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
User
Identifier
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Since
Device
ID
is
a
random
UUID
Leanplum
can
'
t
map
the
device
to
any
know
Client
ID
in
Fennec
nor
Advertising
ID
.
User
Attributes
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
<
table
>
<
tr
>
<
th
>
Key
<
/
th
>
<
th
>
Description
<
/
th
>
<
th
>
Data
Review
<
/
th
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
default_browser
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
string
containing
the
name
of
the
default
browser
if
property
of
Mozilla
or
an
empty
string
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502252010
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
focus_installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
Firefox
Focus
is
installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502252010
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
klar_installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
Firefox
Klar
is
installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502252010
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fennec_installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
Fennec
is
installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502252010
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fxa_signed_in
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
the
user
is
signed
in
to
FxA
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4568
#
issuecomment
-
519159545
"
>
#
4568
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fxa_has_synced_items
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
the
user
has
opted
to
sync
at
least
one
category
of
items
with
FxA
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4568
#
issuecomment
-
519159545
"
>
#
4568
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
search_widget_installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
the
user
has
at
least
one
search
widget
placed
on
the
home
screen
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4694
#
issuecomment
-
520591275
"
>
#
4694
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
tracking_protection_enabled
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
the
user
has
enabled
tracking
protection
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
11965
#
issuecomment
-
649731798
"
>
#
11965
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
tracking_protection_setting
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
string
indicating
the
level
at
which
the
user
has
set
tracking
protection
.
Possible
values
are
none
standard
strict
and
custom
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
11965
#
issuecomment
-
649731798
"
>
#
11965
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
this
is
a
Fenix
installation
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
8208
"
>
#
8208
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
installed_addons
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
there
are
addons
installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
13233
"
>
#
13233
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
enabled_addons
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
A
boolean
indicating
that
there
are
addons
enabled
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
13233
"
>
#
13233
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
/
table
>
Events
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Most
of
the
Leanplum
events
can
be
mapped
to
a
single
combination
of
Telemetry
event
(
Event
+
Method
+
Extra
)
.
Some
events
are
not
collected
in
Mozilla
Telemetry
.
This
will
be
addressed
separately
in
each
campaign
review
.
There
are
three
elements
that
are
used
for
each
event
.
They
are
:
event
name
value
(
default
:
0
.
0
)
and
info
(
default
:
"
"
)
.
Default
value
for
event
value
is
0
.
0
.
Default
value
for
event
info
is
empty
string
.
Here
is
the
list
of
current
Events
sent
which
can
be
found
here
in
the
code
base
:
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
blob
/
master
/
app
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
org
/
mozilla
/
fenix
/
components
/
metrics
/
LeanplumMetricsService
.
kt
<
table
>
<
tr
>
<
th
>
Event
<
/
th
>
<
th
>
Description
<
/
th
>
<
th
>
Data
Review
<
/
th
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Opened_App_FirstRun
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
first
launch
after
install
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502252010
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Opened_App
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Whenever
the
App
is
launched
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502252010
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Interact_With_Search_URL_Area
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
interacts
with
search
url
area
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502252010
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Opened_Bookmark
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
opened
a
bookmark
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3632
#
issuecomment
-
505135753
"
>
#
3632
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Add_Bookmark
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
added
a
bookmark
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3632
#
issuecomment
-
505135753
"
>
#
3632
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Remove_Bookmark
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
removed
a
bookmark
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3632
#
issuecomment
-
505135753
"
>
#
3632
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Collection_Created
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
created
a
new
collection
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4626
#
issuecomment
-
519691332
"
>
#
4626
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Collection_Tab_Opened
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
opened
a
tab
from
a
previously
created
collection
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4626
#
issuecomment
-
519691332
"
>
#
4626
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_FxA_New_Signup
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
completed
the
signup
process
to
new
FxA
account
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4626
#
issuecomment
-
519691332
"
>
#
4626
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Sign_In_FxA
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
successfully
signed
in
to
FxA
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4626
#
issuecomment
-
519691332
"
>
#
4626
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Sign_In_FxA_Fennec_to_Fenix
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
successfully
signed
in
to
FxA
using
previously
signed
in
Fennec
account
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4626
#
issuecomment
-
519691332
"
>
#
4626
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Sign_Out_FxA
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
successfully
signed
out
of
FxA
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4626
#
issuecomment
-
519691332
"
>
#
4626
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Cleared_Private_Data
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
cleared
one
or
many
types
of
private
data
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
4626
#
issuecomment
-
519691332
"
>
#
4626
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Dismissed_Onboarding
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
finished
onboarding
.
Could
be
triggered
by
pressing
"
start
browsing
"
opening
settings
or
invoking
a
search
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
3459
#
issuecomment
-
502191109
"
>
#
3459
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Fennec_To_Fenix_Migrated
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
has
just
migrated
from
Fennec
to
Fenix
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
8208
#
issuecomment
-
584040440
"
>
#
8208
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Addon_Installed
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
has
installed
an
addon
from
the
addon
management
page
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
12136
#
issuecomment
-
651922547
"
>
#
12136
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Search_Widget_Added
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
has
installed
the
search
widget
to
their
homescreen
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
13003
"
>
#
13003
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Changed_Default_To_Fenix
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
has
changed
their
default
browser
to
Fenix
while
Fenix
was
in
the
background
and
then
resumed
the
app
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
13003
"
>
#
13003
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
E_Changed_ETP
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
The
user
has
changed
their
enhanched
tracking
protection
setting
.
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
<
a
href
=
"
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
pull
/
13003
"
>
#
13003
<
/
a
>
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
/
table
>
Deep
links
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Deep
links
are
hooks
utilized
by
marketing
to
direct
users
to
certain
portions
of
the
application
through
a
link
.
They
can
also
be
invoked
by
other
applications
or
even
users
directly
to
access
specific
screens
quickly
.
Here
is
the
list
of
current
deep
links
available
which
can
be
found
here
in
the
code
base
:
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
blob
/
master
/
app
/
src
/
main
/
AndroidManifest
.
xml
<
table
>
<
tr
>
<
th
>
Deep
link
<
/
th
>
<
th
>
Description
<
/
th
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
home
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
Fenix
home
screen
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
urls_bookmarks
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
list
of
the
user
'
s
bookmarks
at
its
root
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
urls_history
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
list
of
pages
the
user
has
visited
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
home_collections
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
list
of
collections
the
user
has
saved
.
It
is
implemented
as
fenix
:
/
/
home
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
top
level
settings
screen
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
turn_on_sync
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
turn
on
sync
screen
.
*
*
Only
valid
if
the
user
is
not
signed
in
to
FxA
*
*
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_search_engine
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
search
engine
settings
screen
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_accessibility
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
accessibility
settings
screen
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_delete_browsing_data
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
delete
browsing
data
settings
screen
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_addon_manager
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
settings
page
to
install
and
manage
addons
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_logins
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
Logins
and
passwords
settings
page
configure
how
logins
are
treated
.
This
is
*
not
*
the
list
of
actual
logins
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_tracking_protection
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
Enhanced
Tracking
Protection
settings
page
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_privacy
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
settings
page
which
contains
the
privacy
settings
.
Currently
this
is
the
same
as
fenix
:
/
/
settings
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
enable_private_browsing
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
Fenix
home
screen
and
enables
private
browsing
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
open
?
url
=
{
DESIRED_URL
}
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Creates
a
new
tab
opens
to
the
browser
screen
and
loads
the
{
DESIRED_URL
}
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
make_default_browser
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
Android
default
apps
settings
screen
.
If
Android
API
<
=
23
opens
tab
to
support
page
defined
in
SupportUtils
.
SumoTopic
.
SET_AS_DEFAULT_BROWSER
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
settings_notifications
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Opens
to
the
Android
notification
settings
screen
for
Fenix
.
*
*
Only
works
on
Android
API
>
=
24
*
*
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
tr
>
<
td
>
fenix
:
/
/
install_search_widget
<
/
td
>
<
td
>
Adds
the
search
widget
to
the
users
launcher
homescreen
.
*
*
Only
works
on
Android
API
>
=
26
*
*
<
/
td
>
<
/
tr
>
<
/
table
>
Messages
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Messages
are
in
-
app
prompts
to
the
user
from
Leanplum
.
The
user
interaction
of
that
prompt
will
be
sent
to
the
Leanplum
backend
(
such
as
"
Accept
"
or
"
Show
"
)
to
track
overall
engagement
with
the
Message
.
The
Message
is
downloaded
from
Leanplum
when
the
Leanplum
SDK
is
initialized
at
App
start
assuming
the
fulfillment
criteria
for
the
Message
is
met
.
As
mentioned
before
the
fulfillment
criteria
is
a
set
of
required
Events
and
User
Attributes
.
The
fulfillment
criteria
are
set
in
the
Leanplum
backend
.
We
currently
don
'
t
have
any
messages
planned
for
Firefox
Preview
