mobile/android/fenix/docs/substituting-local-ac-and-gv.md, before:

#
Substituting
local
ac
and
GV
To
build
fenix
with
a
local
android
-
components
or
local
GeckoView
we
recommend
the
following
methods
:
|
type
|
fenix
-
>
local
ac
|
fenix
-
>
local
GV
|
fenix
-
>
local
ac
-
>
local
GV
|
|
-
|
-
|
-
|
-
|
|
*
*
method
*
*
|
local
.
properties
|
local
.
properties
|
manual
publish
+
local
.
properties
|
For
instructions
with
local
.
properties
see
[
the
root
README
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
blob
/
main
/
README
.
md
)
.
For
instructions
on
manual
publish
+
local
.
properties
keep
reading
.
See
[
ac
#
8386
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
android
-
components
/
issues
/
8386
)
for
why
we
can
'
t
use
local
properties
for
fenix
-
>
local
ac
-
>
local
GV
publishing
.
#
#
fenix
-
>
local
ac
-
>
local
GV
We
'
re
going
to
manually
publish
our
GeckoView
to
our
local
maven
repository
modify
ac
locally
to
consume
it
and
use
local
.
properties
to
build
fenix
-
>
local
ac
.
#
#
#
1
.
Synchronize
checkouts
To
avoid
breaking
changes
causing
our
builds
to
fail
we
should
make
sure
each
of
the
repositories
is
on
a
commit
from
around
the
same
time
frame
.
You
can
use
the
[
android
-
components
/
tools
/
list_compatible_dependency_versions
.
py
script
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
android
-
components
/
blob
/
main
/
tools
/
list_compatible_dependency_versions
.
py
)
to
trivially
identify
ac
and
GV
builds
from
a
given
fenix
commit
.
If
you
want
to
synchronize
builds
from
a
GV
or
ac
commit
you
'
ll
likely
need
to
try
to
align
around
the
commit
merge
dates
(
use
git
log
-
-
pretty
=
fuller
)
.
#
#
#
2
.
Manually
publish
GeckoView
With
our
builds
synchronized
we
can
publish
our
local
changes
to
GeckoView
.
To
publish
GeckoView
run
:
sh
.
/
mach
build
&
&
.
/
mach
gradle
\
geckoview
:
publishWithGeckoBinariesDebugPublicationToMavenLocal
\
exoplayer2
:
publishDebugPublicationToMavenLocal
This
*
*
needs
to
be
run
every
time
you
make
changes
.
*
*
We
also
need
to
know
what
version
of
GeckoView
we
published
.
You
can
make
this
local
change
:
diff
diff
-
-
git
a
/
mobile
/
android
/
geckoview
/
build
.
gradle
b
/
mobile
/
android
/
geckoview
/
build
.
gradle
-
-
-
a
/
mobile
/
android
/
geckoview
/
build
.
gradle
+
+
+
b
/
mobile
/
android
/
geckoview
/
build
.
gradle
-
382
16
+
382
17
android
.
libraryVariants
.
all
{
variant
-
>
/
/
and
we
can
simply
extend
its
inputs
.
See
/
/
https
:
/
/
android
.
googlesource
.
com
/
platform
/
tools
/
base
/
+
/
0cbe8846f7d02c0bb6f07156b9f4fde16d96d329
/
build
-
system
/
gradle
-
core
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
com
/
android
/
build
/
gradle
/
tasks
/
BundleAar
.
kt
#
94
.
variant
.
packageLibraryProvider
.
get
(
)
.
from
(
"
{
topsrcdir
}
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
geckoview
/
streaming
/
metrics
.
yaml
"
)
}
apply
plugin
:
'
maven
-
publish
'
version
=
getVersionNumber
(
)
+
println
(
"
version
=
"
+
version
)
group
=
'
org
.
mozilla
.
geckoview
'
def
getArtifactId
(
)
{
def
id
=
"
geckoview
"
+
project
.
ext
.
artifactSuffix
if
(
!
mozconfig
.
substs
.
MOZ_ANDROID_GECKOVIEW_LITE
)
{
id
+
=
"
-
omni
"
}
And
execute
.
/
mach
build
|
grep
version
to
find
a
version
number
like
98
.
0
.
20211208151112
-
SNAPSHOT
.
#
#
#
3
.
Modify
ac
to
consume
local
GV
See
the
diff
below
.
Remember
to
update
the
GV
version
with
the
version
you
found
in
step
2
!
diff
diff
-
-
git
a
/
build
.
gradle
b
/
build
.
gradle
index
fa8149781f
.
.
863df65a57
100644
-
-
-
a
/
build
.
gradle
+
+
+
b
/
build
.
gradle
-
6
6
+
6
7
import
static
org
.
gradle
.
api
.
tasks
.
testing
.
TestResult
.
ResultType
buildscript
{
repositories
{
+
mavenLocal
(
)
if
(
project
.
hasProperty
(
"
googleRepo
"
)
)
{
maven
{
name
"
Google
"
-
40
6
+
41
7
plugins
{
allprojects
{
repositories
{
+
mavenLocal
(
)
if
(
project
.
hasProperty
(
"
googleRepo
"
)
)
{
maven
{
name
"
Google
"
diff
-
-
git
a
/
buildSrc
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
Gecko
.
kt
b
/
buildSrc
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
Gecko
.
kt
index
331158bf50
.
.
f37a05791a
100644
-
-
-
a
/
buildSrc
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
Gecko
.
kt
+
+
+
b
/
buildSrc
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
Gecko
.
kt
-
9
7
+
9
10
object
Gecko
{
/
*
*
*
GeckoView
Version
.
*
/
-
const
val
version
=
"
98
.
0
.
20220125100058
"
+
const
val
version
=
"
98
.
0
.
20211208151112
-
SNAPSHOT
"
/
*
*
*
GeckoView
channel
-
23
7
+
26
7
object
Gecko
{
enum
class
GeckoChannel
(
val
artifactName
:
String
)
{
-
NIGHTLY
(
"
geckoview
-
nightly
-
omni
"
)
+
NIGHTLY
(
"
geckoview
-
default
-
omni
"
)
BETA
(
"
geckoview
-
beta
-
omni
"
)
RELEASE
(
"
geckoview
-
omni
"
)
}
#
#
#
4
.
Build
fenix
with
local
.
properties
change
Now
build
fenix
as
usual
with
[
the
local
.
properties
change
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
#
auto
-
publication
-
workflow
-
for
-
android
-
components
-
and
-
application
-
services
)
to
build
with
your
local
ac
.
This
build
will
automatically
build
ac
each
time
it
is
run
.
You
should
have
a
fenix
-
>
local
ac
-
>
local
GV
build
now
!

Commit message:

[fenix] No issue: review - clarify which files to update in diff
Co-authored-by: Elise Richards <erichardsmozilla.com>

UltraBlame original commit: 3785f7596829582899c6a3ceaee57f4030ab451d

mobile/android/fenix/docs/substituting-local-ac-and-gv.md, after:

#
Substituting
local
ac
and
GV
To
build
fenix
with
a
local
android
-
components
or
local
GeckoView
we
recommend
the
following
methods
:
|
type
|
fenix
-
>
local
ac
|
fenix
-
>
local
GV
|
fenix
-
>
local
ac
-
>
local
GV
|
|
-
|
-
|
-
|
-
|
|
*
*
method
*
*
|
local
.
properties
|
local
.
properties
|
manual
publish
+
local
.
properties
|
For
instructions
with
local
.
properties
see
[
the
root
README
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
/
blob
/
main
/
README
.
md
)
.
For
instructions
on
manual
publish
+
local
.
properties
keep
reading
.
See
[
ac
#
8386
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
android
-
components
/
issues
/
8386
)
for
why
we
can
'
t
use
local
properties
for
fenix
-
>
local
ac
-
>
local
GV
publishing
.
#
#
fenix
-
>
local
ac
-
>
local
GV
We
'
re
going
to
manually
publish
our
GeckoView
to
our
local
maven
repository
modify
ac
locally
to
consume
it
and
use
local
.
properties
to
build
fenix
-
>
local
ac
.
#
#
#
1
.
Synchronize
checkouts
To
avoid
breaking
changes
causing
our
builds
to
fail
we
should
make
sure
each
of
the
repositories
is
on
a
commit
from
around
the
same
time
frame
.
You
can
use
the
[
android
-
components
/
tools
/
list_compatible_dependency_versions
.
py
script
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
android
-
components
/
blob
/
main
/
tools
/
list_compatible_dependency_versions
.
py
)
to
trivially
identify
ac
and
GV
builds
from
a
given
fenix
commit
.
If
you
want
to
synchronize
builds
from
a
GV
or
ac
commit
you
'
ll
likely
need
to
try
to
align
around
the
commit
merge
dates
(
use
git
log
-
-
pretty
=
fuller
)
.
#
#
#
2
.
Manually
publish
GeckoView
With
our
builds
synchronized
we
can
publish
our
local
changes
to
GeckoView
.
To
publish
GeckoView
run
:
sh
.
/
mach
build
&
&
.
/
mach
gradle
\
geckoview
:
publishWithGeckoBinariesDebugPublicationToMavenLocal
\
exoplayer2
:
publishDebugPublicationToMavenLocal
This
*
*
needs
to
be
run
every
time
you
make
changes
.
*
*
We
also
need
to
know
what
version
of
GeckoView
we
published
.
You
can
make
this
local
change
:
diff
diff
-
-
git
a
/
mobile
/
android
/
geckoview
/
build
.
gradle
b
/
mobile
/
android
/
geckoview
/
build
.
gradle
-
-
-
a
/
mobile
/
android
/
geckoview
/
build
.
gradle
+
+
+
b
/
mobile
/
android
/
geckoview
/
build
.
gradle
-
382
16
+
382
17
android
.
libraryVariants
.
all
{
variant
-
>
/
/
and
we
can
simply
extend
its
inputs
.
See
/
/
https
:
/
/
android
.
googlesource
.
com
/
platform
/
tools
/
base
/
+
/
0cbe8846f7d02c0bb6f07156b9f4fde16d96d329
/
build
-
system
/
gradle
-
core
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
com
/
android
/
build
/
gradle
/
tasks
/
BundleAar
.
kt
#
94
.
variant
.
packageLibraryProvider
.
get
(
)
.
from
(
"
{
topsrcdir
}
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
geckoview
/
streaming
/
metrics
.
yaml
"
)
}
apply
plugin
:
'
maven
-
publish
'
version
=
getVersionNumber
(
)
+
println
(
"
version
=
"
+
version
)
group
=
'
org
.
mozilla
.
geckoview
'
def
getArtifactId
(
)
{
def
id
=
"
geckoview
"
+
project
.
ext
.
artifactSuffix
if
(
!
mozconfig
.
substs
.
MOZ_ANDROID_GECKOVIEW_LITE
)
{
id
+
=
"
-
omni
"
}
And
execute
.
/
mach
build
|
grep
version
to
find
a
version
number
like
98
.
0
.
20211208151112
-
SNAPSHOT
.
#
#
#
3
.
Modify
ac
to
consume
local
GV
Update
the
build
.
gradle
and
Gecko
.
kt
file
in
Fenix
(
see
the
diff
below
)
.
Remember
to
update
the
GV
version
with
the
version
you
found
in
step
2
!
diff
diff
-
-
git
a
/
build
.
gradle
b
/
build
.
gradle
index
fa8149781f
.
.
863df65a57
100644
-
-
-
a
/
build
.
gradle
+
+
+
b
/
build
.
gradle
-
6
6
+
6
7
import
static
org
.
gradle
.
api
.
tasks
.
testing
.
TestResult
.
ResultType
buildscript
{
repositories
{
+
mavenLocal
(
)
if
(
project
.
hasProperty
(
"
googleRepo
"
)
)
{
maven
{
name
"
Google
"
-
40
6
+
41
7
plugins
{
allprojects
{
repositories
{
+
mavenLocal
(
)
if
(
project
.
hasProperty
(
"
googleRepo
"
)
)
{
maven
{
name
"
Google
"
diff
-
-
git
a
/
buildSrc
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
Gecko
.
kt
b
/
buildSrc
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
Gecko
.
kt
index
331158bf50
.
.
f37a05791a
100644
-
-
-
a
/
buildSrc
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
Gecko
.
kt
+
+
+
b
/
buildSrc
/
src
/
main
/
java
/
Gecko
.
kt
-
9
7
+
9
10
object
Gecko
{
/
*
*
*
GeckoView
Version
.
*
/
-
const
val
version
=
"
98
.
0
.
20220125100058
"
+
const
val
version
=
"
98
.
0
.
20211208151112
-
SNAPSHOT
"
/
*
*
*
GeckoView
channel
-
23
7
+
26
7
object
Gecko
{
enum
class
GeckoChannel
(
val
artifactName
:
String
)
{
-
NIGHTLY
(
"
geckoview
-
nightly
-
omni
"
)
+
NIGHTLY
(
"
geckoview
-
default
-
omni
"
)
BETA
(
"
geckoview
-
beta
-
omni
"
)
RELEASE
(
"
geckoview
-
omni
"
)
}
#
#
#
4
.
Build
fenix
with
local
.
properties
change
Now
build
fenix
as
usual
with
[
the
local
.
properties
change
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
fenix
#
auto
-
publication
-
workflow
-
for
-
android
-
components
-
and
-
application
-
services
)
to
build
with
your
local
ac
.
This
build
will
automatically
build
ac
each
time
it
is
run
.
You
should
have
a
fenix
-
>
local
ac
-
>
local
GV
build
now
!
