taskcluster/docker/periodic-updates/README.md, before:

=
=
Periodic
File
Updates
=
=
This
docker
image
examines
the
in
-
tree
files
for
HSTS
preload
data
HPKP
pinning
and
blocklist
.
xml
and
will
produce
a
diff
for
each
necessary
to
update
the
in
-
tree
files
.
If
given
a
conduit
API
token
it
will
also
use
the
arcanist
client
to
submit
the
commits
for
review
.
=
=
Quick
Start
=
=
sh
docker
build
-
t
hsts
-
local
-
-
no
-
cache
-
-
rm
.
docker
run
-
e
DO_HSTS
=
1
-
e
DO_HPKP
=
1
-
e
DO_BLOCKLIST
=
1
-
e
PRODUCT
=
"
firefox
"
-
e
BRANCH
=
"
mozilla
-
central
"
-
e
USE_MOZILLA_CENTRAL
=
1
hsts
-
local
HSTS
checks
will
only
be
run
if
the
DO_HSTS
environment
variable
is
set
.
Likewise
for
DO_HPKP
and
the
HPKP
checks
and
DO_BLOCKLIST
and
the
blocklist
checks
.
Environment
variables
are
used
rather
than
command
line
arguments
to
make
constructing
taskcluster
tasks
easier
.
=
=
Background
=
=
These
scripts
have
been
moved
from
https
:
/
/
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
/
build
/
tools
/
scripts
/
periodic_file_updates
/
and
security
/
manager
/
tools
/
in
the
main
repos
.
=
=
HSTS
Checks
=
=
scripts
/
getHSTSPreloadList
.
js
will
examine
the
current
contents
of
nsSTSPreloadList
.
inc
from
whichever
BRANCH
is
specified
add
in
the
mandatory
hosts
and
those
from
the
Chromium
source
and
check
them
all
to
see
if
their
SSL
configuration
is
valid
and
whether
or
not
they
have
the
Strict
-
Transport
-
Security
header
set
with
an
appropriate
max
-
age
.
This
javascript
has
been
modified
to
use
async
calls
to
improve
performance
.
=
=
HPKP
Checks
=
=
scripts
/
genHPKPStaticPins
.
js
will
ensure
the
list
of
pinned
public
keys
are
up
to
date
.
=
=
Example
Taskcluster
Task
=
=
https
:
/
/
tools
.
taskcluster
.
net
/
tasks
/
create
yaml
provisionerId
:
aws
-
provisioner
-
v1
workerType
:
gecko
-
1
-
b
-
linux
retries
:
0
created
:
'
2018
-
02
-
07T14
:
45
:
57
.
347Z
'
deadline
:
'
2018
-
02
-
07T17
:
45
:
57
.
348Z
'
expires
:
'
2019
-
02
-
07T17
:
45
:
57
.
348Z
'
scopes
:
[
]
payload
:
image
:
srfraser
/
hsts1
maxRunTime
:
1800
artifacts
:
public
/
build
/
nsSTSPreloadList
.
diff
:
path
:
/
home
/
worker
/
artifacts
/
nsSTSPreloadList
.
diff
expires
:
'
2019
-
02
-
07T13
:
57
:
35
.
448Z
'
type
:
file
public
/
build
/
StaticHPKPins
.
h
.
diff
:
path
:
/
home
/
worker
/
artifacts
/
StaticHPKPins
.
h
.
diff
expires
:
'
2019
-
02
-
07T13
:
57
:
35
.
448Z
'
type
:
file
public
/
build
/
blocklist
.
diff
:
path
:
/
home
/
worker
/
artifacts
/
blocklist
.
diff
expires
:
'
2019
-
02
-
07T13
:
57
:
35
.
448Z
'
type
:
file
env
:
DO_HSTS
:
1
DO_HPKP
:
1
DO_BLOCKLIST
:
1
PRODUCT
:
firefox
BRANCH
:
mozilla
-
central
USE_MOZILLA_CENTRAL
:
1
REVIEWERS
:
catlee
metadata
:
name
:
Periodic
updates
testing
description
:
Produce
diffs
for
HSTS
and
HPKP
in
-
tree
files
.
owner
:
sfraser
mozilla
.
com
source
:
'
https
:
/
/
tools
.
taskcluster
.
net
/
task
-
creator
/
'
tags
:
{
}
extra
:
treeherder
:
jobKind
:
test
machine
:
platform
:
linux64
tier
:
1
symbol
:
'
hsts
'

Commit message:

Bug 1593891 - Allow running periodic-updates that do not trigger a build. r=sfraser
When these land for Thunderbird, I set the keyword to prevent a build manually.
periodic_file_updates.sh supports that with "-d", but the runme.sh wrapper
does not have a mechanism to set it.
This patch follows the environment variable precedent used for the other
script parameters.

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D52024

UltraBlame original commit: 2397ebccf9f9c08ed4591f62ca129861ef6c5642

taskcluster/docker/periodic-updates/README.md, after:

=
=
Periodic
File
Updates
=
=
This
docker
image
examines
the
in
-
tree
files
for
HSTS
preload
data
HPKP
pinning
and
blocklist
.
xml
and
will
produce
a
diff
for
each
necessary
to
update
the
in
-
tree
files
.
If
given
a
conduit
API
token
it
will
also
use
the
arcanist
client
to
submit
the
commits
for
review
.
=
=
Quick
Start
=
=
sh
docker
build
-
t
hsts
-
local
-
-
no
-
cache
-
-
rm
.
docker
run
-
e
DO_HSTS
=
1
-
e
DO_HPKP
=
1
-
e
DO_BLOCKLIST
=
1
-
e
PRODUCT
=
"
firefox
"
-
e
BRANCH
=
"
mozilla
-
central
"
-
e
USE_MOZILLA_CENTRAL
=
1
hsts
-
local
HSTS
checks
will
only
be
run
if
the
DO_HSTS
environment
variable
is
set
.
Likewise
for
DO_HPKP
and
the
HPKP
checks
and
DO_BLOCKLIST
and
the
blocklist
checks
.
Environment
variables
are
used
rather
than
command
line
arguments
to
make
constructing
taskcluster
tasks
easier
.
To
prevent
a
full
build
when
landing
with
Phabricator
set
the
DONTBUILD
environment
variable
.
=
=
Background
=
=
These
scripts
have
been
moved
from
https
:
/
/
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
/
build
/
tools
/
scripts
/
periodic_file_updates
/
and
security
/
manager
/
tools
/
in
the
main
repos
.
=
=
HSTS
Checks
=
=
scripts
/
getHSTSPreloadList
.
js
will
examine
the
current
contents
of
nsSTSPreloadList
.
inc
from
whichever
BRANCH
is
specified
add
in
the
mandatory
hosts
and
those
from
the
Chromium
source
and
check
them
all
to
see
if
their
SSL
configuration
is
valid
and
whether
or
not
they
have
the
Strict
-
Transport
-
Security
header
set
with
an
appropriate
max
-
age
.
This
javascript
has
been
modified
to
use
async
calls
to
improve
performance
.
=
=
HPKP
Checks
=
=
scripts
/
genHPKPStaticPins
.
js
will
ensure
the
list
of
pinned
public
keys
are
up
to
date
.
=
=
Example
Taskcluster
Task
=
=
https
:
/
/
tools
.
taskcluster
.
net
/
tasks
/
create
yaml
provisionerId
:
aws
-
provisioner
-
v1
workerType
:
gecko
-
1
-
b
-
linux
retries
:
0
created
:
'
2018
-
02
-
07T14
:
45
:
57
.
347Z
'
deadline
:
'
2018
-
02
-
07T17
:
45
:
57
.
348Z
'
expires
:
'
2019
-
02
-
07T17
:
45
:
57
.
348Z
'
scopes
:
[
]
payload
:
image
:
srfraser
/
hsts1
maxRunTime
:
1800
artifacts
:
public
/
build
/
nsSTSPreloadList
.
diff
:
path
:
/
home
/
worker
/
artifacts
/
nsSTSPreloadList
.
diff
expires
:
'
2019
-
02
-
07T13
:
57
:
35
.
448Z
'
type
:
file
public
/
build
/
StaticHPKPins
.
h
.
diff
:
path
:
/
home
/
worker
/
artifacts
/
StaticHPKPins
.
h
.
diff
expires
:
'
2019
-
02
-
07T13
:
57
:
35
.
448Z
'
type
:
file
public
/
build
/
blocklist
.
diff
:
path
:
/
home
/
worker
/
artifacts
/
blocklist
.
diff
expires
:
'
2019
-
02
-
07T13
:
57
:
35
.
448Z
'
type
:
file
env
:
DO_HSTS
:
1
DO_HPKP
:
1
DO_BLOCKLIST
:
1
PRODUCT
:
firefox
BRANCH
:
mozilla
-
central
USE_MOZILLA_CENTRAL
:
1
REVIEWERS
:
catlee
metadata
:
name
:
Periodic
updates
testing
description
:
Produce
diffs
for
HSTS
and
HPKP
in
-
tree
files
.
owner
:
sfraser
mozilla
.
com
source
:
'
https
:
/
/
tools
.
taskcluster
.
net
/
task
-
creator
/
'
tags
:
{
}
extra
:
treeherder
:
jobKind
:
test
machine
:
platform
:
linux64
tier
:
1
symbol
:
'
hsts
'
