browser/components/newtab/content-src/asrouter/docs/user-actions.md, before:

#
User
Actions
A
subset
of
actions
are
available
to
messages
via
fields
like
button_action
for
snippets
or
primary_action
for
CFRs
.
#
#
Usage
For
snippets
you
should
add
the
action
type
in
button_action
and
any
additional
parameters
in
button_action_args
.
For
example
:
json
{
"
button_action
"
:
"
OPEN_ABOUT_PAGE
"
"
button_action_args
"
:
"
config
"
}
#
#
Available
Actions
#
#
#
OPEN_APPLICATIONS_MENU
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
the
applications
menu
.
#
#
#
OPEN_PRIVATE_BROWSER_WINDOW
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
a
new
private
browsing
window
.
#
#
#
OPEN_URL
*
args
:
string
(
a
url
)
Opens
a
given
url
.
Example
:
json
{
"
button_action
"
:
"
OPEN_URL
"
"
button_action_args
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
foo
.
com
"
}
#
#
#
OPEN_ABOUT_PAGE
*
args
:
string
(
a
valid
about
page
without
the
about
:
prefix
)
Opens
a
given
about
page
Example
:
json
{
"
button_action
"
:
"
OPEN_ABOUT_PAGE
"
"
button_action_args
"
:
"
config
"
}
#
#
#
OPEN_PREFERENCES_PAGE
*
args
:
string
(
a
category
accessible
via
a
#
)
Opens
about
:
preferences
with
an
optional
category
accessible
via
a
#
in
the
URL
(
e
.
g
.
about
:
preferences
#
home
)
.
Example
:
json
{
"
button_action
"
:
"
OPEN_PREFERENCES_PAGE
"
"
button_action_args
"
:
"
home
"
}
#
#
#
SHOW_FIREFOX_ACCOUNTS
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
Firefox
accounts
sign
-
up
page
.
Encodes
some
information
that
the
origin
was
from
snippets
by
default
.
#
#
#
PIN_CURRENT_TAB
*
args
:
(
none
)
Pins
the
currently
focused
tab
.
#
#
#
ENABLE_FIREFOX_MONITOR
*
args
:
ts
{
url
:
string
;
flowRequestParams
:
{
entrypoint
:
string
;
utm_term
:
string
;
form_type
:
string
;
}
}
Opens
an
oauth
flow
to
enable
Firefox
Monitor
at
a
given
url
and
adds
Firefox
metrics
that
user
given
a
set
of
flowRequestParams
.
#
#
#
url
The
URL
should
start
with
https
:
/
/
monitor
.
firefox
.
com
/
oauth
/
init
and
add
various
metrics
tags
as
search
params
including
:
*
utm_source
*
utm_campaign
*
form_type
*
entrypoint
You
should
verify
the
values
of
these
search
params
with
whoever
is
doing
the
data
analysis
(
e
.
g
.
Leif
Oines
)
.
#
#
#
flowRequestParams
These
params
are
used
by
Firefox
to
add
information
specific
to
that
individual
user
to
the
final
oauth
URL
.
You
should
include
:
*
entrypoint
*
utm_term
*
form_type
The
entrypoint
and
form_type
values
should
match
the
encoded
values
in
your
url
.
You
should
verify
the
values
with
whoever
is
doing
the
data
analysis
(
e
.
g
.
Leif
Oines
)
.
#
#
#
Example
json
{
"
button_action
"
:
"
ENABLE_FIREFOX_MONITOR
"
"
button_action_args
"
:
{
"
url
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
monitor
.
firefox
.
com
/
oauth
/
init
?
utm_source
=
snippets
&
utm_campaign
=
monitor
-
snippet
-
test
&
form_type
=
email
&
entrypoint
=
newtab
"
"
flowRequestParams
"
:
{
"
entrypoint
"
:
"
snippets
"
"
utm_term
"
:
"
monitor
"
"
form_type
"
:
"
email
"
}
}
}

Commit message:

Bug 1595842 - Import settings wizard dynamic triplets onboarding card for chrome switchers r=fluent-reviewers,k88hudson,flod
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D54176

UltraBlame original commit: 44ec1bb66e7e8cb62afbee4648052a5ff8b98477

browser/components/newtab/content-src/asrouter/docs/user-actions.md, after:

#
User
Actions
A
subset
of
actions
are
available
to
messages
via
fields
like
button_action
for
snippets
or
primary_action
for
CFRs
.
#
#
Usage
For
snippets
you
should
add
the
action
type
in
button_action
and
any
additional
parameters
in
button_action_args
.
For
example
:
json
{
"
button_action
"
:
"
OPEN_ABOUT_PAGE
"
"
button_action_args
"
:
"
config
"
}
#
#
Available
Actions
#
#
#
OPEN_APPLICATIONS_MENU
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
the
applications
menu
.
#
#
#
OPEN_PRIVATE_BROWSER_WINDOW
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
a
new
private
browsing
window
.
#
#
#
OPEN_URL
*
args
:
string
(
a
url
)
Opens
a
given
url
.
Example
:
json
{
"
button_action
"
:
"
OPEN_URL
"
"
button_action_args
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
foo
.
com
"
}
#
#
#
OPEN_ABOUT_PAGE
*
args
:
string
(
a
valid
about
page
without
the
about
:
prefix
)
Opens
a
given
about
page
Example
:
json
{
"
button_action
"
:
"
OPEN_ABOUT_PAGE
"
"
button_action_args
"
:
"
config
"
}
#
#
#
OPEN_PREFERENCES_PAGE
*
args
:
string
(
a
category
accessible
via
a
#
)
Opens
about
:
preferences
with
an
optional
category
accessible
via
a
#
in
the
URL
(
e
.
g
.
about
:
preferences
#
home
)
.
Example
:
json
{
"
button_action
"
:
"
OPEN_PREFERENCES_PAGE
"
"
button_action_args
"
:
"
home
"
}
#
#
#
SHOW_FIREFOX_ACCOUNTS
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
Firefox
accounts
sign
-
up
page
.
Encodes
some
information
that
the
origin
was
from
snippets
by
default
.
#
#
#
SHOW_MIGRATION_WIZARD
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
import
wizard
to
bring
in
settings
and
data
from
another
browser
.
#
#
#
PIN_CURRENT_TAB
*
args
:
(
none
)
Pins
the
currently
focused
tab
.
#
#
#
ENABLE_FIREFOX_MONITOR
*
args
:
ts
{
url
:
string
;
flowRequestParams
:
{
entrypoint
:
string
;
utm_term
:
string
;
form_type
:
string
;
}
}
Opens
an
oauth
flow
to
enable
Firefox
Monitor
at
a
given
url
and
adds
Firefox
metrics
that
user
given
a
set
of
flowRequestParams
.
#
#
#
url
The
URL
should
start
with
https
:
/
/
monitor
.
firefox
.
com
/
oauth
/
init
and
add
various
metrics
tags
as
search
params
including
:
*
utm_source
*
utm_campaign
*
form_type
*
entrypoint
You
should
verify
the
values
of
these
search
params
with
whoever
is
doing
the
data
analysis
(
e
.
g
.
Leif
Oines
)
.
#
#
#
flowRequestParams
These
params
are
used
by
Firefox
to
add
information
specific
to
that
individual
user
to
the
final
oauth
URL
.
You
should
include
:
*
entrypoint
*
utm_term
*
form_type
The
entrypoint
and
form_type
values
should
match
the
encoded
values
in
your
url
.
You
should
verify
the
values
with
whoever
is
doing
the
data
analysis
(
e
.
g
.
Leif
Oines
)
.
#
#
#
Example
json
{
"
button_action
"
:
"
ENABLE_FIREFOX_MONITOR
"
"
button_action_args
"
:
{
"
url
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
monitor
.
firefox
.
com
/
oauth
/
init
?
utm_source
=
snippets
&
utm_campaign
=
monitor
-
snippet
-
test
&
form_type
=
email
&
entrypoint
=
newtab
"
"
flowRequestParams
"
:
{
"
entrypoint
"
:
"
snippets
"
"
utm_term
"
:
"
monitor
"
"
form_type
"
:
"
email
"
}
}
}
