toolkit/components/telemetry/docs/collection/events.rst, before:

.
.
_eventtelemetry
:
=
=
=
=
=
=
Events
=
=
=
=
=
=
Across
the
different
Firefox
initiatives
there
is
a
common
need
for
a
mechanism
for
recording
storing
sending
&
analysing
application
usage
in
an
event
-
oriented
format
.
*
Event
Telemetry
*
specifies
a
common
events
data
format
which
allows
for
broader
shared
usage
of
data
processing
tools
.
Adding
events
is
supported
in
artifact
builds
and
build
faster
workflows
.
For
events
recorded
into
Firefox
Telemetry
we
also
provide
an
API
that
opaquely
handles
storage
and
submission
to
our
servers
.
.
.
important
:
:
Every
new
data
collection
in
Firefox
needs
a
data
collection
review
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Firefox
/
Data_Collection
#
Requesting_Approval
>
_
from
a
data
collection
peer
.
Just
set
the
feedback
?
flag
for
one
of
the
data
peers
.
We
try
to
reply
within
a
business
day
.
Serialization
format
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Events
are
submitted
as
an
array
e
.
g
.
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
[
[
2147
"
ui
"
"
click
"
"
back_button
"
]
[
2213
"
ui
"
"
search
"
"
search_bar
"
"
google
"
]
[
2892
"
ui
"
"
completion
"
"
search_bar
"
"
yahoo
"
{
"
querylen
"
:
"
7
"
"
results
"
:
"
23
"
}
]
[
5434
"
dom
"
"
load
"
"
frame
"
null
{
"
prot
"
:
"
https
"
"
src
"
:
"
script
"
}
]
/
/
.
.
.
]
Each
event
is
of
the
form
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
[
timestamp
category
method
object
value
extra
]
Where
the
individual
fields
are
:
-
timestamp
:
Number
positive
integer
.
This
is
the
time
in
ms
when
the
event
was
recorded
relative
to
the
main
process
start
time
.
-
category
:
String
identifier
.
The
category
is
a
group
name
for
events
and
helps
to
avoid
name
conflicts
.
-
method
:
String
identifier
.
This
describes
the
type
of
event
that
occurred
e
.
g
.
click
keydown
or
focus
.
-
object
:
String
identifier
.
This
is
the
object
the
event
occurred
on
e
.
g
.
reload_button
or
urlbar
.
-
value
:
String
optional
may
be
null
.
This
is
a
user
defined
value
providing
context
for
the
event
.
-
extra
:
Object
optional
may
be
null
.
This
is
an
object
of
the
form
{
"
key
"
:
"
value
"
.
.
.
}
both
keys
and
values
need
to
be
strings
keys
are
identifiers
.
This
is
used
for
events
where
additional
richer
context
is
needed
.
.
.
_eventlimits
:
Limits
-
-
-
-
-
-
Each
String
marked
as
an
identifier
is
restricted
to
the
following
regex
pattern
:
^
[
:
alpha
:
]
[
:
alnum
:
_
.
]
*
[
:
alnum
:
]
.
For
the
Firefox
Telemetry
implementation
several
fields
are
subject
to
limits
:
-
category
:
Max
.
byte
length
is
30
.
-
method
:
Max
.
byte
length
is
20
.
-
object
:
Max
.
byte
length
is
20
.
-
value
:
Max
.
byte
length
is
80
.
-
extra
:
Max
.
number
of
keys
is
10
.
-
Each
extra
key
name
:
Max
.
string
length
is
15
.
-
Each
extra
value
:
Max
.
byte
length
is
80
.
The
YAML
definition
file
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Any
event
recorded
into
Firefox
Telemetry
must
be
registered
before
it
can
be
recorded
.
For
any
code
that
ships
as
part
of
Firefox
that
happens
in
Events
.
yaml
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
Events
.
yaml
>
_
.
The
probes
in
the
definition
file
are
represented
in
a
fixed
-
depth
three
-
level
structure
.
The
first
level
contains
*
category
*
names
(
grouping
multiple
events
together
)
the
second
level
contains
*
event
*
names
under
which
the
events
properties
are
listed
.
E
.
g
.
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
#
The
following
is
a
category
of
events
named
"
browser
.
ui
"
.
browser
.
ui
:
click
:
#
This
is
the
event
named
"
click
"
.
objects
:
[
"
reload
-
btn
"
]
#
List
the
objects
for
this
event
.
description
:
>
Describes
this
event
in
detail
potentially
over
multiple
lines
.
#
.
.
.
and
more
event
properties
.
#
.
.
.
and
more
events
.
#
This
is
the
"
dom
"
category
.
search
:
#
And
the
"
completion
"
event
.
completion
:
#
.
.
.
description
:
Recorded
when
a
search
completion
suggestion
was
clicked
.
extra_keys
:
distance
:
The
edit
distance
to
the
current
search
query
input
.
loadtime
:
How
long
it
took
to
load
this
completion
entry
.
#
.
.
.
Category
and
probe
names
are
subject
to
the
limits
and
regex
patterns
:
ref
:
specified
above
<
eventlimits
>
.
The
following
event
properties
are
valid
:
-
methods
*
(
optional
list
of
strings
)
*
:
The
valid
event
methods
.
If
not
set
this
defaults
to
[
eventName
]
.
-
objects
*
(
required
list
of
strings
)
*
:
The
valid
event
objects
.
-
description
*
(
required
string
)
*
:
Description
of
the
event
and
its
semantics
.
-
release_channel_collection
*
(
optional
string
)
*
:
This
can
be
set
to
opt
-
in
(
default
)
or
opt
-
out
.
-
record_in_processes
*
(
required
list
of
strings
)
*
:
A
list
of
processes
the
event
can
be
recorded
in
.
Currently
supported
values
are
:
-
main
-
content
-
gpu
-
all_children
(
record
in
all
the
child
processes
)
-
all
(
record
in
all
the
processes
)
.
-
bug_numbers
*
(
required
list
of
numbers
)
*
:
A
list
of
Bugzilla
bug
numbers
that
are
relevant
to
this
event
.
-
notification_emails
*
(
required
list
of
strings
)
*
:
A
list
of
emails
of
owners
for
this
event
.
This
is
used
for
contact
for
data
reviews
and
potentially
to
email
alerts
.
-
expiry
:
There
are
two
properties
that
can
specify
expiry
at
least
one
needs
to
be
set
:
-
expiry_version
*
(
string
)
*
:
The
version
number
in
which
the
event
expires
e
.
g
.
"
50
"
or
"
never
"
.
A
version
number
of
type
"
N
"
is
automatically
converted
to
"
N
.
0a1
"
in
order
to
expire
the
event
also
in
the
development
channels
.
For
events
that
never
expire
the
value
never
can
be
used
.
-
extra_keys
*
(
optional
object
)
*
:
An
object
that
specifies
valid
keys
for
the
extra
argument
and
a
description
-
see
the
example
above
.
-
products
*
(
optional
list
of
strings
)
*
:
A
list
of
products
the
event
can
be
recorded
on
.
It
defaults
to
all
.
Currently
supported
values
are
:
-
firefox
-
fennec
-
geckoview
-
all
(
record
on
all
products
)
The
API
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Public
JS
API
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
recordEvent
(
)
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
category
method
object
value
extra
)
;
Record
a
registered
event
.
*
value
:
Optional
may
be
null
.
A
string
value
limited
to
80
bytes
.
*
extra
:
Optional
.
An
object
with
string
keys
&
values
.
Key
strings
are
limited
to
what
was
registered
.
Value
strings
are
limited
to
80
bytes
.
Throws
if
the
combination
of
category
method
and
object
is
unknown
.
Recording
an
expired
event
will
not
throw
but
print
a
warning
into
the
browser
console
.
.
.
note
:
:
Each
recordEvent
of
a
known
non
-
expired
combination
of
category
method
and
object
will
be
:
ref
:
summarized
<
events
.
event
-
summary
>
.
.
.
warning
:
:
Event
Telemetry
recording
is
designed
to
be
cheap
not
free
.
If
you
wish
to
record
events
in
a
performance
-
sensitive
piece
of
code
store
the
events
locally
and
record
them
only
after
the
performance
-
sensitive
piece
(
"
hot
path
"
)
has
completed
.
Example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
"
ui
"
"
click
"
"
reload
-
btn
"
)
;
/
/
event
:
[
543345
"
ui
"
"
click
"
"
reload
-
btn
"
]
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
"
ui
"
"
search
"
"
search
-
bar
"
"
google
"
)
;
/
/
event
:
[
89438
"
ui
"
"
search
"
"
search
-
bar
"
"
google
"
]
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
"
ui
"
"
completion
"
"
search
-
bar
"
"
yahoo
"
{
"
querylen
"
:
"
7
"
"
results
"
:
"
23
"
}
)
;
/
/
event
:
[
982134
"
ui
"
"
completion
"
"
search
-
bar
"
"
yahoo
"
/
/
{
"
qerylen
"
:
"
7
"
"
results
"
:
"
23
"
}
]
setEventRecordingEnabled
(
)
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
setEventRecordingEnabled
(
category
enabled
)
;
Event
recording
is
currently
disabled
by
default
.
Privileged
add
-
ons
and
Firefox
code
can
enable
&
disable
recording
events
for
specific
categories
using
this
function
.
Example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
setEventRecordingEnabled
(
"
ui
"
true
)
;
/
/
.
.
.
now
events
in
the
"
ui
"
category
will
be
recorded
.
Services
.
telemetry
.
setEventRecordingEnabled
(
"
ui
"
false
)
;
/
/
.
.
.
now
"
ui
"
events
will
not
be
recorded
anymore
.
.
.
note
:
:
Even
if
your
event
category
isn
'
t
enabled
counts
of
events
that
attempted
to
be
recorded
will
be
:
ref
:
summarized
<
events
.
event
-
summary
>
.
registerEvents
(
)
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
registerEvents
(
category
eventData
)
;
Register
new
events
from
add
-
ons
.
*
category
-
*
(
required
string
)
*
The
category
the
events
are
in
.
*
eventData
-
*
(
required
object
)
*
An
object
of
the
form
{
eventName1
:
event1Data
.
.
.
}
where
each
events
data
is
an
object
with
the
entries
:
*
methods
-
*
(
required
list
of
strings
)
*
The
valid
event
methods
.
*
objects
-
*
(
required
list
of
strings
)
*
The
valid
event
objects
.
*
extra_keys
-
*
(
optional
list
of
strings
)
*
The
valid
extra
keys
for
the
event
.
*
record_on_release
-
*
(
optional
bool
)
*
*
expired
-
*
(
optional
bool
)
*
Whether
this
event
entry
is
expired
.
This
allows
recording
it
without
error
but
it
will
be
discarded
.
Defaults
to
false
.
For
events
recorded
from
add
-
ons
registration
happens
at
runtime
.
Any
new
events
must
first
be
registered
through
this
function
before
they
can
be
recorded
.
The
registered
categories
will
automatically
be
enabled
for
recording
.
After
registration
the
events
can
be
recorded
through
the
recordEvent
(
)
function
.
They
will
be
submitted
in
the
main
pings
payload
under
processes
.
dynamic
.
events
.
New
events
registered
here
are
subject
to
the
same
limitations
as
the
ones
registered
through
Events
.
yaml
although
the
naming
was
in
parts
updated
to
recent
policy
changes
.
When
add
-
ons
are
updated
they
may
re
-
register
all
of
their
events
.
In
that
case
any
changes
to
events
that
are
already
registered
are
ignored
.
The
only
exception
is
expiry
;
an
event
that
is
re
-
registered
with
expired
:
true
will
not
be
recorded
anymore
.
Example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
registerEvents
(
"
myAddon
.
interaction
"
{
"
click
"
:
{
methods
:
[
"
click
"
]
objects
:
[
"
red_button
"
"
blue_button
"
]
}
}
)
;
/
/
Now
events
can
be
recorded
.
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
"
myAddon
.
interaction
"
"
click
"
"
red_button
"
)
;
Internal
API
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
snapshotEvents
(
dataset
clear
)
;
Services
.
telemetry
.
clearEvents
(
)
;
These
functions
are
only
supposed
to
be
used
by
Telemetry
internally
or
in
tests
.
.
.
_events
.
event
-
summary
:
Event
Summary
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Calling
recordEvent
on
any
non
-
expired
registered
event
will
accumulate
to
a
:
doc
:
Scalar
<
scalars
>
for
ease
of
analysing
uptake
and
usage
patterns
.
Even
if
the
event
category
isn
'
t
enabled
.
The
scalar
is
telemetry
.
event_counts
for
statically
-
registered
events
(
the
ones
in
Events
.
yaml
)
and
telemetry
.
dynamic_event_counts
for
dynamically
-
registered
events
(
the
ones
registered
via
registerEvents
)
.
These
are
:
ref
:
keyed
scalars
<
scalars
.
keyed
-
scalars
>
where
the
keys
are
of
the
form
category
#
method
#
object
and
the
values
are
counts
of
the
number
of
times
recordEvent
was
called
with
that
combination
of
category
method
and
object
.
These
two
scalars
have
a
default
maximum
key
limit
of
500
per
process
.
This
limit
is
configurable
via
the
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
maxEventSummaryKeys
preference
.
Example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
/
/
telemetry
.
event_counts
summarizes
in
the
same
process
the
events
were
recorded
/
/
Let
us
suppose
in
the
parent
process
this
happens
:
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
"
interaction
"
"
click
"
"
document
"
"
xuldoc
"
)
;
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
"
interaction
"
"
click
"
"
document
"
"
xuldoc
-
neighbour
"
)
;
/
/
And
in
each
of
child
processes
1
through
4
this
happens
:
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
"
interaction
"
"
click
"
"
document
"
"
htmldoc
"
)
;
In
the
case
that
interaction
.
click
.
document
is
statically
-
registered
this
will
result
in
the
parent
-
process
scalar
telemetry
.
event_counts
having
a
key
interaction
#
click
#
document
with
value
2
and
the
content
-
process
scalar
telemetry
.
event_counts
having
a
key
interaction
#
click
#
document
with
the
value
4
.
All
dynamically
-
registered
events
end
up
in
the
dynamic
-
process
telemetry
.
dynamic_event_counts
(
notice
the
different
name
)
regardless
of
in
which
process
the
events
were
recorded
.
From
the
example
above
if
interaction
.
click
.
document
was
registered
with
registerEvents
then
the
dynamic
-
process
scalar
telemetry
.
dynamic_event_counts
would
have
a
key
interaction
#
click
#
document
with
the
value
6
.
Version
History
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
-
Firefox
52
:
Initial
event
support
(
bug
1302663
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1302663
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
53
:
Event
recording
disabled
by
default
(
bug
1329139
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1329139
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
54
:
Added
child
process
events
(
bug
1313326
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1313326
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
56
:
Added
support
for
recording
new
probes
from
add
-
ons
(
bug
1302681
<
bug
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1302681
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
58
:
-
Ignore
re
-
registering
existing
events
for
a
category
instead
of
failing
(
bug
1408975
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1408975
>
_
)
.
-
Removed
support
for
the
expiry_date
property
as
it
was
unused
(
bug
1414638
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1414638
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
61
:
-
Enabled
support
for
adding
events
in
artifact
builds
and
build
-
faster
workflows
(
bug
1448945
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1448945
>
_
)
.
-
Added
summarization
of
events
(
bug
1440673
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1440673
>
_
)
.

Commit message:

Bug 1461651 - Document that event category is enabled on registration, even if from a static event. r=chutten
MozReview-Commit-ID: FWbXYj7hirV

UltraBlame original commit: d52331db3c626c875de7c4b8fe57d24f36f2cb87

toolkit/components/telemetry/docs/collection/events.rst, after:

.
.
_eventtelemetry
:
=
=
=
=
=
=
Events
=
=
=
=
=
=
Across
the
different
Firefox
initiatives
there
is
a
common
need
for
a
mechanism
for
recording
storing
sending
&
analysing
application
usage
in
an
event
-
oriented
format
.
*
Event
Telemetry
*
specifies
a
common
events
data
format
which
allows
for
broader
shared
usage
of
data
processing
tools
.
Adding
events
is
supported
in
artifact
builds
and
build
faster
workflows
.
For
events
recorded
into
Firefox
Telemetry
we
also
provide
an
API
that
opaquely
handles
storage
and
submission
to
our
servers
.
.
.
important
:
:
Every
new
data
collection
in
Firefox
needs
a
data
collection
review
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Firefox
/
Data_Collection
#
Requesting_Approval
>
_
from
a
data
collection
peer
.
Just
set
the
feedback
?
flag
for
one
of
the
data
peers
.
We
try
to
reply
within
a
business
day
.
Serialization
format
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Events
are
submitted
as
an
array
e
.
g
.
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
[
[
2147
"
ui
"
"
click
"
"
back_button
"
]
[
2213
"
ui
"
"
search
"
"
search_bar
"
"
google
"
]
[
2892
"
ui
"
"
completion
"
"
search_bar
"
"
yahoo
"
{
"
querylen
"
:
"
7
"
"
results
"
:
"
23
"
}
]
[
5434
"
dom
"
"
load
"
"
frame
"
null
{
"
prot
"
:
"
https
"
"
src
"
:
"
script
"
}
]
/
/
.
.
.
]
Each
event
is
of
the
form
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
[
timestamp
category
method
object
value
extra
]
Where
the
individual
fields
are
:
-
timestamp
:
Number
positive
integer
.
This
is
the
time
in
ms
when
the
event
was
recorded
relative
to
the
main
process
start
time
.
-
category
:
String
identifier
.
The
category
is
a
group
name
for
events
and
helps
to
avoid
name
conflicts
.
-
method
:
String
identifier
.
This
describes
the
type
of
event
that
occurred
e
.
g
.
click
keydown
or
focus
.
-
object
:
String
identifier
.
This
is
the
object
the
event
occurred
on
e
.
g
.
reload_button
or
urlbar
.
-
value
:
String
optional
may
be
null
.
This
is
a
user
defined
value
providing
context
for
the
event
.
-
extra
:
Object
optional
may
be
null
.
This
is
an
object
of
the
form
{
"
key
"
:
"
value
"
.
.
.
}
both
keys
and
values
need
to
be
strings
keys
are
identifiers
.
This
is
used
for
events
where
additional
richer
context
is
needed
.
.
.
_eventlimits
:
Limits
-
-
-
-
-
-
Each
String
marked
as
an
identifier
is
restricted
to
the
following
regex
pattern
:
^
[
:
alpha
:
]
[
:
alnum
:
_
.
]
*
[
:
alnum
:
]
.
For
the
Firefox
Telemetry
implementation
several
fields
are
subject
to
limits
:
-
category
:
Max
.
byte
length
is
30
.
-
method
:
Max
.
byte
length
is
20
.
-
object
:
Max
.
byte
length
is
20
.
-
value
:
Max
.
byte
length
is
80
.
-
extra
:
Max
.
number
of
keys
is
10
.
-
Each
extra
key
name
:
Max
.
string
length
is
15
.
-
Each
extra
value
:
Max
.
byte
length
is
80
.
The
YAML
definition
file
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Any
event
recorded
into
Firefox
Telemetry
must
be
registered
before
it
can
be
recorded
.
For
any
code
that
ships
as
part
of
Firefox
that
happens
in
Events
.
yaml
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
Events
.
yaml
>
_
.
The
probes
in
the
definition
file
are
represented
in
a
fixed
-
depth
three
-
level
structure
.
The
first
level
contains
*
category
*
names
(
grouping
multiple
events
together
)
the
second
level
contains
*
event
*
names
under
which
the
events
properties
are
listed
.
E
.
g
.
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
#
The
following
is
a
category
of
events
named
"
browser
.
ui
"
.
browser
.
ui
:
click
:
#
This
is
the
event
named
"
click
"
.
objects
:
[
"
reload
-
btn
"
]
#
List
the
objects
for
this
event
.
description
:
>
Describes
this
event
in
detail
potentially
over
multiple
lines
.
#
.
.
.
and
more
event
properties
.
#
.
.
.
and
more
events
.
#
This
is
the
"
dom
"
category
.
search
:
#
And
the
"
completion
"
event
.
completion
:
#
.
.
.
description
:
Recorded
when
a
search
completion
suggestion
was
clicked
.
extra_keys
:
distance
:
The
edit
distance
to
the
current
search
query
input
.
loadtime
:
How
long
it
took
to
load
this
completion
entry
.
#
.
.
.
Category
and
probe
names
are
subject
to
the
limits
and
regex
patterns
:
ref
:
specified
above
<
eventlimits
>
.
The
following
event
properties
are
valid
:
-
methods
*
(
optional
list
of
strings
)
*
:
The
valid
event
methods
.
If
not
set
this
defaults
to
[
eventName
]
.
-
objects
*
(
required
list
of
strings
)
*
:
The
valid
event
objects
.
-
description
*
(
required
string
)
*
:
Description
of
the
event
and
its
semantics
.
-
release_channel_collection
*
(
optional
string
)
*
:
This
can
be
set
to
opt
-
in
(
default
)
or
opt
-
out
.
-
record_in_processes
*
(
required
list
of
strings
)
*
:
A
list
of
processes
the
event
can
be
recorded
in
.
Currently
supported
values
are
:
-
main
-
content
-
gpu
-
all_children
(
record
in
all
the
child
processes
)
-
all
(
record
in
all
the
processes
)
.
-
bug_numbers
*
(
required
list
of
numbers
)
*
:
A
list
of
Bugzilla
bug
numbers
that
are
relevant
to
this
event
.
-
notification_emails
*
(
required
list
of
strings
)
*
:
A
list
of
emails
of
owners
for
this
event
.
This
is
used
for
contact
for
data
reviews
and
potentially
to
email
alerts
.
-
expiry
:
There
are
two
properties
that
can
specify
expiry
at
least
one
needs
to
be
set
:
-
expiry_version
*
(
string
)
*
:
The
version
number
in
which
the
event
expires
e
.
g
.
"
50
"
or
"
never
"
.
A
version
number
of
type
"
N
"
is
automatically
converted
to
"
N
.
0a1
"
in
order
to
expire
the
event
also
in
the
development
channels
.
For
events
that
never
expire
the
value
never
can
be
used
.
-
extra_keys
*
(
optional
object
)
*
:
An
object
that
specifies
valid
keys
for
the
extra
argument
and
a
description
-
see
the
example
above
.
-
products
*
(
optional
list
of
strings
)
*
:
A
list
of
products
the
event
can
be
recorded
on
.
It
defaults
to
all
.
Currently
supported
values
are
:
-
firefox
-
fennec
-
geckoview
-
all
(
record
on
all
products
)
The
API
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Public
JS
API
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
recordEvent
(
)
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
category
method
object
value
extra
)
;
Record
a
registered
event
.
*
value
:
Optional
may
be
null
.
A
string
value
limited
to
80
bytes
.
*
extra
:
Optional
.
An
object
with
string
keys
&
values
.
Key
strings
are
limited
to
what
was
registered
.
Value
strings
are
limited
to
80
bytes
.
Throws
if
the
combination
of
category
method
and
object
is
unknown
.
Recording
an
expired
event
will
not
throw
but
print
a
warning
into
the
browser
console
.
.
.
note
:
:
Each
recordEvent
of
a
known
non
-
expired
combination
of
category
method
and
object
will
be
:
ref
:
summarized
<
events
.
event
-
summary
>
.
.
.
warning
:
:
Event
Telemetry
recording
is
designed
to
be
cheap
not
free
.
If
you
wish
to
record
events
in
a
performance
-
sensitive
piece
of
code
store
the
events
locally
and
record
them
only
after
the
performance
-
sensitive
piece
(
"
hot
path
"
)
has
completed
.
Example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
"
ui
"
"
click
"
"
reload
-
btn
"
)
;
/
/
event
:
[
543345
"
ui
"
"
click
"
"
reload
-
btn
"
]
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
"
ui
"
"
search
"
"
search
-
bar
"
"
google
"
)
;
/
/
event
:
[
89438
"
ui
"
"
search
"
"
search
-
bar
"
"
google
"
]
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
"
ui
"
"
completion
"
"
search
-
bar
"
"
yahoo
"
{
"
querylen
"
:
"
7
"
"
results
"
:
"
23
"
}
)
;
/
/
event
:
[
982134
"
ui
"
"
completion
"
"
search
-
bar
"
"
yahoo
"
/
/
{
"
qerylen
"
:
"
7
"
"
results
"
:
"
23
"
}
]
setEventRecordingEnabled
(
)
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
setEventRecordingEnabled
(
category
enabled
)
;
Event
recording
is
currently
disabled
by
default
.
Privileged
add
-
ons
and
Firefox
code
can
enable
&
disable
recording
events
for
specific
categories
using
this
function
.
Example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
setEventRecordingEnabled
(
"
ui
"
true
)
;
/
/
.
.
.
now
events
in
the
"
ui
"
category
will
be
recorded
.
Services
.
telemetry
.
setEventRecordingEnabled
(
"
ui
"
false
)
;
/
/
.
.
.
now
"
ui
"
events
will
not
be
recorded
anymore
.
.
.
note
:
:
Even
if
your
event
category
isn
'
t
enabled
counts
of
events
that
attempted
to
be
recorded
will
be
:
ref
:
summarized
<
events
.
event
-
summary
>
.
registerEvents
(
)
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
registerEvents
(
category
eventData
)
;
Register
new
events
from
add
-
ons
.
*
category
-
*
(
required
string
)
*
The
category
the
events
are
in
.
*
eventData
-
*
(
required
object
)
*
An
object
of
the
form
{
eventName1
:
event1Data
.
.
.
}
where
each
events
data
is
an
object
with
the
entries
:
*
methods
-
*
(
required
list
of
strings
)
*
The
valid
event
methods
.
*
objects
-
*
(
required
list
of
strings
)
*
The
valid
event
objects
.
*
extra_keys
-
*
(
optional
list
of
strings
)
*
The
valid
extra
keys
for
the
event
.
*
record_on_release
-
*
(
optional
bool
)
*
*
expired
-
*
(
optional
bool
)
*
Whether
this
event
entry
is
expired
.
This
allows
recording
it
without
error
but
it
will
be
discarded
.
Defaults
to
false
.
For
events
recorded
from
add
-
ons
registration
happens
at
runtime
.
Any
new
events
must
first
be
registered
through
this
function
before
they
can
be
recorded
.
The
registered
categories
will
automatically
be
enabled
for
recording
.
If
a
dynamic
event
uses
the
same
category
as
a
static
event
the
category
will
also
be
enabled
upon
registration
.
After
registration
the
events
can
be
recorded
through
the
recordEvent
(
)
function
.
They
will
be
submitted
in
the
main
pings
payload
under
processes
.
dynamic
.
events
.
New
events
registered
here
are
subject
to
the
same
limitations
as
the
ones
registered
through
Events
.
yaml
although
the
naming
was
in
parts
updated
to
recent
policy
changes
.
When
add
-
ons
are
updated
they
may
re
-
register
all
of
their
events
.
In
that
case
any
changes
to
events
that
are
already
registered
are
ignored
.
The
only
exception
is
expiry
;
an
event
that
is
re
-
registered
with
expired
:
true
will
not
be
recorded
anymore
.
Example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
registerEvents
(
"
myAddon
.
interaction
"
{
"
click
"
:
{
methods
:
[
"
click
"
]
objects
:
[
"
red_button
"
"
blue_button
"
]
}
}
)
;
/
/
Now
events
can
be
recorded
.
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
"
myAddon
.
interaction
"
"
click
"
"
red_button
"
)
;
Internal
API
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
snapshotEvents
(
dataset
clear
)
;
Services
.
telemetry
.
clearEvents
(
)
;
These
functions
are
only
supposed
to
be
used
by
Telemetry
internally
or
in
tests
.
.
.
_events
.
event
-
summary
:
Event
Summary
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Calling
recordEvent
on
any
non
-
expired
registered
event
will
accumulate
to
a
:
doc
:
Scalar
<
scalars
>
for
ease
of
analysing
uptake
and
usage
patterns
.
Even
if
the
event
category
isn
'
t
enabled
.
The
scalar
is
telemetry
.
event_counts
for
statically
-
registered
events
(
the
ones
in
Events
.
yaml
)
and
telemetry
.
dynamic_event_counts
for
dynamically
-
registered
events
(
the
ones
registered
via
registerEvents
)
.
These
are
:
ref
:
keyed
scalars
<
scalars
.
keyed
-
scalars
>
where
the
keys
are
of
the
form
category
#
method
#
object
and
the
values
are
counts
of
the
number
of
times
recordEvent
was
called
with
that
combination
of
category
method
and
object
.
These
two
scalars
have
a
default
maximum
key
limit
of
500
per
process
.
This
limit
is
configurable
via
the
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
maxEventSummaryKeys
preference
.
Example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
/
/
telemetry
.
event_counts
summarizes
in
the
same
process
the
events
were
recorded
/
/
Let
us
suppose
in
the
parent
process
this
happens
:
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
"
interaction
"
"
click
"
"
document
"
"
xuldoc
"
)
;
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
"
interaction
"
"
click
"
"
document
"
"
xuldoc
-
neighbour
"
)
;
/
/
And
in
each
of
child
processes
1
through
4
this
happens
:
Services
.
telemetry
.
recordEvent
(
"
interaction
"
"
click
"
"
document
"
"
htmldoc
"
)
;
In
the
case
that
interaction
.
click
.
document
is
statically
-
registered
this
will
result
in
the
parent
-
process
scalar
telemetry
.
event_counts
having
a
key
interaction
#
click
#
document
with
value
2
and
the
content
-
process
scalar
telemetry
.
event_counts
having
a
key
interaction
#
click
#
document
with
the
value
4
.
All
dynamically
-
registered
events
end
up
in
the
dynamic
-
process
telemetry
.
dynamic_event_counts
(
notice
the
different
name
)
regardless
of
in
which
process
the
events
were
recorded
.
From
the
example
above
if
interaction
.
click
.
document
was
registered
with
registerEvents
then
the
dynamic
-
process
scalar
telemetry
.
dynamic_event_counts
would
have
a
key
interaction
#
click
#
document
with
the
value
6
.
Version
History
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
-
Firefox
52
:
Initial
event
support
(
bug
1302663
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1302663
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
53
:
Event
recording
disabled
by
default
(
bug
1329139
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1329139
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
54
:
Added
child
process
events
(
bug
1313326
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1313326
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
56
:
Added
support
for
recording
new
probes
from
add
-
ons
(
bug
1302681
<
bug
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1302681
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
58
:
-
Ignore
re
-
registering
existing
events
for
a
category
instead
of
failing
(
bug
1408975
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1408975
>
_
)
.
-
Removed
support
for
the
expiry_date
property
as
it
was
unused
(
bug
1414638
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1414638
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
61
:
-
Enabled
support
for
adding
events
in
artifact
builds
and
build
-
faster
workflows
(
bug
1448945
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1448945
>
_
)
.
-
Added
summarization
of
events
(
bug
1440673
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1440673
>
_
)
.
