toolkit/components/telemetry/docs/collection/scalars.rst, before:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Scalars
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Historically
we
started
to
overload
our
histogram
mechanism
to
also
collect
scalar
data
such
as
flag
values
counts
labels
and
others
.
The
scalar
measurement
types
are
the
suggested
way
to
collect
that
kind
of
scalar
data
.
The
serialized
scalar
data
is
submitted
with
the
:
doc
:
main
pings
<
.
.
/
data
/
main
-
ping
>
.
Adding
scalars
is
supported
in
artifact
builds
and
build
faster
workflows
.
.
.
important
:
:
Every
new
data
collection
in
Firefox
needs
a
data
collection
review
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Firefox
/
Data_Collection
#
Requesting_Approval
>
_
from
a
data
collection
peer
.
Just
set
the
feedback
?
flag
for
one
of
the
data
peers
.
We
try
to
reply
within
a
business
day
.
The
API
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Scalar
probes
can
be
managed
either
through
the
nsITelemetry
interface
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
nsITelemetry
.
idl
>
_
or
the
C
+
+
API
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
Telemetry
.
h
>
_
.
JS
API
-
-
-
-
-
-
Probes
in
privileged
JavaScript
code
can
use
the
following
functions
to
manipulate
scalars
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
scalarAdd
(
aName
aValue
)
;
Services
.
telemetry
.
scalarSet
(
aName
aValue
)
;
Services
.
telemetry
.
scalarSetMaximum
(
aName
aValue
)
;
Services
.
telemetry
.
keyedScalarAdd
(
aName
aKey
aValue
)
;
Services
.
telemetry
.
keyedScalarSet
(
aName
aKey
aValue
)
;
Services
.
telemetry
.
keyedScalarSetMaximum
(
aName
aKey
aValue
)
;
These
functions
can
throw
if
for
example
an
operation
is
performed
on
a
scalar
type
that
doesn
'
t
support
it
(
e
.
g
.
calling
scalarSetMaximum
on
a
scalar
of
the
string
kind
)
.
Please
look
at
the
code
documentation
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
search
?
q
=
regexp
%
3ATelemetryScalar
%
3A
%
3A
(
Set
%
7CAdd
)
+
file
%
3ATelemetryScalar
.
cpp
&
redirect
=
false
>
_
for
additional
information
.
registerScalars
(
)
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
registerScalars
(
category
scalarData
)
;
Register
new
scalars
from
add
-
ons
.
*
category
-
*
(
required
string
)
*
The
unique
category
the
scalars
are
registered
in
(
see
:
ref
:
limitations
<
scalar
-
limitations
>
)
.
*
scalarData
-
*
(
required
object
)
*
An
object
of
the
form
{
scalarName1
:
scalar1Data
.
.
.
}
that
contains
registration
data
for
multiple
scalars
;
scalarName1
is
subject
to
:
ref
:
limitations
<
scalar
-
limitations
>
;
each
scalar
is
an
object
with
the
following
properties
:
*
kind
-
*
(
required
uint
)
*
One
of
the
scalar
types
(
nsITelemetry
:
:
SCALAR_TYPE_
*
)
.
*
keyed
-
*
(
optional
bool
)
*
Whether
this
is
a
keyed
scalar
or
not
.
Defaults
to
false
.
*
record_on_release
-
*
(
optional
bool
)
*
Whether
to
record
this
data
on
release
.
Defaults
to
false
.
*
expired
-
*
(
optional
bool
)
*
Whether
this
scalar
entry
is
expired
.
This
allows
recording
it
without
error
but
it
will
be
discarded
.
Defaults
to
false
.
For
scalars
recorded
from
add
-
ons
registration
happens
at
runtime
.
Any
new
scalar
must
first
be
registered
through
this
function
before
they
can
be
recorded
.
After
registration
the
scalars
can
be
recorded
through
the
usual
scalar
JS
API
.
If
the
accumulation
happens
in
a
content
process
right
after
the
registration
and
the
definition
still
has
to
reach
this
process
it
will
be
discarded
:
one
way
to
work
around
the
problem
is
to
send
an
IPC
message
to
the
content
process
and
start
accumulating
data
once
this
message
has
been
received
.
The
accumulated
data
will
be
submitted
in
the
main
pings
payload
under
processes
.
dynamic
.
scalars
.
.
.
note
:
:
Accumulating
in
dynamic
scalars
only
works
in
content
child
processes
and
in
the
parent
process
.
All
the
accumulations
(
parent
and
content
chldren
)
are
aggregated
together
.
New
scalars
registered
here
are
subject
to
the
same
:
ref
:
limitations
<
scalar
-
limitations
>
as
the
ones
registered
through
Scalars
.
yaml
e
.
g
.
the
length
of
the
category
name
or
the
allowed
characters
.
When
add
-
ons
are
updated
they
may
re
-
register
all
of
their
scalars
.
In
that
case
any
changes
to
scalars
that
are
already
registered
are
ignored
.
The
only
exception
is
expiry
;
a
scalar
that
is
re
-
registered
with
expired
:
true
will
not
be
recorded
anymore
.
Example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
registerScalars
(
"
myAddon
.
category
"
{
"
counter_scalar
"
:
{
kind
:
Ci
.
nsITelemetry
.
SCALAR_TYPE_COUNT
keyed
:
false
record_on_release
:
false
}
}
)
;
/
/
Now
scalars
can
be
recorded
.
Services
.
telemetry
.
scalarSet
(
"
myAddon
.
category
.
counter_scalar
"
37
)
;
C
+
+
API
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Probes
in
native
code
can
use
the
more
convenient
helper
functions
declared
in
Telemetry
.
h
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
Telemetry
.
h
>
_
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
cpp
void
ScalarAdd
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
uint32_t
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarSet
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
uint32_t
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarSet
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
const
nsAString
&
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarSet
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
bool
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarSetMaximum
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
uint32_t
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarAdd
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
const
nsAString
&
aKey
uint32_t
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarSet
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
const
nsAString
&
aKey
uint32_t
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarSet
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
const
nsAString
&
aKey
bool
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarSetMaximum
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
const
nsAString
&
aKey
uint32_t
aValue
)
;
.
.
warning
:
:
Scalar
operations
are
designed
to
be
cheap
not
free
.
If
you
wish
to
manipulate
Scalars
in
a
performance
-
sensitive
piece
of
code
store
the
operations
locally
and
change
the
Scalar
only
after
the
performance
-
sensitive
piece
(
"
hot
path
"
)
has
completed
.
The
YAML
definition
file
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Scalar
probes
are
required
to
be
registered
both
for
validation
and
transparency
reasons
in
the
Scalars
.
yaml
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
Scalars
.
yaml
>
_
definition
file
.
The
probes
in
the
definition
file
are
represented
in
a
fixed
-
depth
two
-
level
structure
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
#
The
following
is
a
category
.
a
.
category
.
hierarchy
:
a_probe_name
:
kind
:
uint
.
.
.
another_probe
:
kind
:
string
.
.
.
.
.
.
category2
:
probe
:
kind
:
int
.
.
.
.
.
_scalar
-
limitations
:
Category
and
probe
names
need
to
follow
a
few
rules
:
-
they
cannot
exceed
40
characters
each
;
-
category
names
must
be
alpha
-
numeric
+
.
with
no
leading
/
trailing
digit
or
.
;
-
probe
names
must
be
alpha
-
numeric
+
_
with
no
leading
/
trailing
digit
or
_
.
A
probe
can
be
defined
as
follows
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
a
.
category
.
hierarchy
:
a_scalar
:
bug_numbers
:
-
1276190
description
:
A
nice
one
-
line
description
.
expires
:
never
kind
:
uint
notification_emails
:
-
telemetry
-
client
-
dev
mozilla
.
com
Required
Fields
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
bug_numbers
:
A
list
of
unsigned
integers
representing
the
number
of
the
bugs
the
probe
was
introduced
in
.
-
description
:
A
single
or
multi
-
line
string
describing
what
data
the
probe
collects
and
when
it
gets
collected
.
-
expires
:
The
version
number
in
which
the
scalar
expires
e
.
g
.
"
30
"
;
a
version
number
of
type
"
N
"
is
automatically
converted
to
"
N
.
0a1
"
in
order
to
expire
the
scalar
also
in
the
development
channels
.
A
telemetry
probe
acting
on
an
expired
scalar
will
print
a
warning
into
the
browser
console
.
For
scalars
that
never
expire
the
value
never
can
be
used
.
-
kind
:
A
string
representing
the
scalar
type
.
Allowed
values
are
uint
string
and
boolean
.
-
notification_emails
:
A
list
of
email
addresses
to
notify
with
alerts
of
expiring
probes
.
More
importantly
these
are
used
by
the
data
steward
to
verify
that
the
probe
is
still
useful
.
-
record_in_processes
:
A
list
of
processes
the
scalar
is
allowed
to
record
in
.
Currently
supported
values
are
:
-
main
;
-
content
;
-
gpu
;
-
all_children
(
record
in
all
the
child
processes
)
;
-
all
(
record
in
all
the
processes
)
.
Optional
Fields
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
cpp_guard
:
A
string
that
gets
inserted
as
an
#
ifdef
directive
around
the
automatically
generated
C
+
+
declaration
.
This
is
typically
used
for
platform
-
specific
scalars
e
.
g
.
ANDROID
.
-
release_channel_collection
:
This
can
be
either
opt
-
in
(
default
)
or
opt
-
out
.
With
the
former
the
scalar
is
submitted
by
default
on
pre
-
release
channels
unless
the
user
has
opted
out
.
With
the
latter
the
scalar
is
submitted
by
default
on
release
and
pre
-
release
channels
unless
the
user
has
opted
out
.
-
keyed
:
A
boolean
that
determines
whether
this
is
a
keyed
scalar
.
It
defaults
to
False
.
-
products
:
A
list
of
products
the
scalar
can
be
recorded
on
.
It
defaults
to
all
.
Currently
supported
values
are
:
-
firefox
-
fennec
-
geckoview
-
all
(
record
on
all
products
)
String
type
restrictions
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
To
prevent
abuses
the
content
of
a
string
scalar
is
limited
to
50
characters
in
length
.
Trying
to
set
a
longer
string
will
result
in
an
error
and
no
string
being
set
.
.
.
_scalars
.
keyed
-
scalars
:
Keyed
Scalars
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Keyed
scalars
are
collections
of
one
of
the
available
scalar
types
indexed
by
a
string
key
that
can
contain
UTF8
characters
and
cannot
be
longer
than
72
characters
.
Keyed
scalars
can
contain
up
to
100
keys
.
This
scalar
type
is
for
example
useful
when
you
want
to
break
down
certain
counts
by
a
name
like
how
often
searches
happen
with
which
search
engine
.
Keyed
scalars
should
only
be
used
if
the
set
of
keys
are
not
known
beforehand
.
If
the
keys
are
from
a
known
set
of
strings
other
options
are
preferred
if
suitable
like
categorical
histograms
or
splitting
measurements
up
into
separate
scalars
.
Multiple
processes
caveats
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
When
recording
data
in
different
processes
of
the
same
type
(
e
.
g
.
multiple
content
processes
)
the
user
is
responsible
for
preventing
races
between
the
operations
on
the
scalars
.
Races
can
happen
because
scalar
changes
are
sent
from
each
child
process
to
the
parent
process
and
then
merged
into
the
final
storage
location
.
Since
there
'
s
no
synchronization
between
the
processes
operations
like
setMaximum
can
potentially
produce
different
results
if
sent
from
more
than
one
child
process
.
The
processor
scripts
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
scalar
definition
file
is
processed
and
checked
for
correctness
at
compile
time
.
If
it
conforms
to
the
specification
the
processor
scripts
generate
two
C
+
+
headers
files
included
by
the
Telemetry
C
+
+
core
.
gen_scalar_data
.
py
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
This
script
is
called
by
the
build
system
to
generate
the
TelemetryScalarData
.
h
C
+
+
header
file
out
of
the
scalar
definitions
.
This
header
file
contains
an
array
holding
the
scalar
names
and
version
strings
in
addition
to
an
array
of
ScalarInfo
structures
representing
all
the
scalars
.
gen_scalar_enum
.
py
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
This
script
is
called
by
the
build
system
to
generate
the
TelemetryScalarEnums
.
h
C
+
+
header
file
out
of
the
scalar
definitions
.
This
header
file
contains
an
enum
class
with
all
the
scalar
identifiers
used
to
access
them
from
code
through
the
C
+
+
API
.
Adding
a
new
probe
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Making
a
scalar
measurement
is
a
two
step
process
:
1
.
add
the
probe
definition
to
the
scalar
registry
;
2
.
record
into
the
scalar
using
the
API
.
Registering
the
scalar
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Let
'
s
start
by
registering
two
probes
in
the
Scalars
.
yaml
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
Scalars
.
yaml
>
_
definition
file
:
a
simple
boolean
scalar
and
a
keyed
unsigned
scalar
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
#
The
following
section
contains
the
demo
scalars
.
profile
:
was_reset
:
bug_numbers
:
-
1301364
description
:
True
if
the
profile
was
reset
.
expires
:
"
60
"
kind
:
boolean
notification_emails
:
-
change
-
me
allizom
.
com
release_channel_collection
:
opt
-
out
record_in_processes
:
-
'
main
'
ui
:
download_button_activated
:
bug_numbers
:
-
1301364
description
:
>
The
number
of
times
the
download
button
was
activated
per
input
type
(
e
.
g
.
'
mouse_click
'
'
touchscreen
'
.
.
.
)
.
expires
:
"
60
"
kind
:
uint
keyed
:
true
notification_emails
:
-
change
-
me
allizom
.
com
release_channel_collection
:
opt
-
in
record_in_processes
:
-
'
main
'
These
two
scalars
have
different
collection
policies
and
are
both
constrained
to
recording
only
in
the
main
process
.
For
example
the
ui
.
download_button_activated
can
be
recorded
only
by
users
on
running
pre
-
release
builds
of
Firefox
.
Using
the
JS
API
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Changing
the
demo
scalars
from
privileged
JavaScript
code
is
straightforward
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
/
/
Set
the
scalar
value
:
trying
to
use
a
non
-
boolean
value
doesn
'
t
throw
/
/
but
rather
prints
a
warning
to
the
browser
console
Services
.
telemetry
.
scalarSet
(
"
profile
.
was_reset
"
true
)
;
/
/
This
call
increments
the
value
stored
in
"
mouse_click
"
within
the
/
/
"
ui
.
download_button_activated
"
scalar
by
1
.
Services
.
telemetry
.
keyedScalarAdd
(
"
ui
.
download_button_activated
"
"
mouse_click
"
1
)
;
More
usage
examples
can
be
found
in
the
tests
covering
the
JS
Scalars
API
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
tests
/
unit
/
test_TelemetryScalars
.
js
>
_
and
child
processes
scalars
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
tests
/
unit
/
test_ChildScalars
.
js
>
_
.
Using
the
C
+
+
API
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Native
code
can
take
advantage
of
Scalars
as
well
by
including
the
Telemetry
.
h
header
file
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
cpp
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarSet
(
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
:
:
PROFILE_WAS_RESET
false
)
;
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarAdd
(
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
:
:
UI_DOWNLOAD_BUTTON_ACTIVATED
NS_LITERAL_STRING
(
"
touchscreen
"
)
1
)
;
The
ScalarID
enum
is
automatically
generated
by
the
build
process
with
an
example
being
available
here
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
search
?
q
=
path
%
3ATelemetryScalarEnums
.
h
&
redirect
=
false
>
_
.
Other
examples
can
be
found
in
the
test
coverage
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
tests
/
gtest
/
TestScalars
.
cpp
>
_
for
the
scalars
C
+
+
API
.
Version
History
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
-
Firefox
50
:
Initial
scalar
support
(
bug
1276195
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1276195
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
51
:
Added
keyed
scalars
(
bug
1277806
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1277806
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
53
:
Added
child
process
scalars
(
bug
1278556
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1278556
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
58
-
Added
support
for
recording
new
scalars
from
add
-
ons
(
bug
1393801
<
bug
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1393801
>
_
)
.
-
Ignore
re
-
registering
existing
scalars
for
a
category
instead
of
failing
(
bug
1409323
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1409323
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
60
:
Enabled
support
for
adding
scalars
in
artifact
builds
and
build
-
faster
workflows
(
bug
1425909
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1425909
>
_
)
.

Commit message:

bug 1458463 - Document that keyed string scalars aren't supported r=Dexter
MozReview-Commit-ID: 2MhgZdzQSIf

UltraBlame original commit: c369b0e07427720a3218bb58012cf1b19a009104

toolkit/components/telemetry/docs/collection/scalars.rst, after:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Scalars
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Historically
we
started
to
overload
our
histogram
mechanism
to
also
collect
scalar
data
such
as
flag
values
counts
labels
and
others
.
The
scalar
measurement
types
are
the
suggested
way
to
collect
that
kind
of
scalar
data
.
The
serialized
scalar
data
is
submitted
with
the
:
doc
:
main
pings
<
.
.
/
data
/
main
-
ping
>
.
Adding
scalars
is
supported
in
artifact
builds
and
build
faster
workflows
.
.
.
important
:
:
Every
new
data
collection
in
Firefox
needs
a
data
collection
review
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Firefox
/
Data_Collection
#
Requesting_Approval
>
_
from
a
data
collection
peer
.
Just
set
the
feedback
?
flag
for
one
of
the
data
peers
.
We
try
to
reply
within
a
business
day
.
The
API
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Scalar
probes
can
be
managed
either
through
the
nsITelemetry
interface
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
nsITelemetry
.
idl
>
_
or
the
C
+
+
API
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
Telemetry
.
h
>
_
.
JS
API
-
-
-
-
-
-
Probes
in
privileged
JavaScript
code
can
use
the
following
functions
to
manipulate
scalars
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
scalarAdd
(
aName
aValue
)
;
Services
.
telemetry
.
scalarSet
(
aName
aValue
)
;
Services
.
telemetry
.
scalarSetMaximum
(
aName
aValue
)
;
Services
.
telemetry
.
keyedScalarAdd
(
aName
aKey
aValue
)
;
Services
.
telemetry
.
keyedScalarSet
(
aName
aKey
aValue
)
;
Services
.
telemetry
.
keyedScalarSetMaximum
(
aName
aKey
aValue
)
;
These
functions
can
throw
if
for
example
an
operation
is
performed
on
a
scalar
type
that
doesn
'
t
support
it
(
e
.
g
.
calling
scalarSetMaximum
on
a
scalar
of
the
string
kind
)
.
Please
look
at
the
code
documentation
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
search
?
q
=
regexp
%
3ATelemetryScalar
%
3A
%
3A
(
Set
%
7CAdd
)
+
file
%
3ATelemetryScalar
.
cpp
&
redirect
=
false
>
_
for
additional
information
.
registerScalars
(
)
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
registerScalars
(
category
scalarData
)
;
Register
new
scalars
from
add
-
ons
.
*
category
-
*
(
required
string
)
*
The
unique
category
the
scalars
are
registered
in
(
see
:
ref
:
limitations
<
scalar
-
limitations
>
)
.
*
scalarData
-
*
(
required
object
)
*
An
object
of
the
form
{
scalarName1
:
scalar1Data
.
.
.
}
that
contains
registration
data
for
multiple
scalars
;
scalarName1
is
subject
to
:
ref
:
limitations
<
scalar
-
limitations
>
;
each
scalar
is
an
object
with
the
following
properties
:
*
kind
-
*
(
required
uint
)
*
One
of
the
scalar
types
(
nsITelemetry
:
:
SCALAR_TYPE_
*
)
.
*
keyed
-
*
(
optional
bool
)
*
Whether
this
is
a
keyed
scalar
or
not
.
Defaults
to
false
.
*
record_on_release
-
*
(
optional
bool
)
*
Whether
to
record
this
data
on
release
.
Defaults
to
false
.
*
expired
-
*
(
optional
bool
)
*
Whether
this
scalar
entry
is
expired
.
This
allows
recording
it
without
error
but
it
will
be
discarded
.
Defaults
to
false
.
For
scalars
recorded
from
add
-
ons
registration
happens
at
runtime
.
Any
new
scalar
must
first
be
registered
through
this
function
before
they
can
be
recorded
.
After
registration
the
scalars
can
be
recorded
through
the
usual
scalar
JS
API
.
If
the
accumulation
happens
in
a
content
process
right
after
the
registration
and
the
definition
still
has
to
reach
this
process
it
will
be
discarded
:
one
way
to
work
around
the
problem
is
to
send
an
IPC
message
to
the
content
process
and
start
accumulating
data
once
this
message
has
been
received
.
The
accumulated
data
will
be
submitted
in
the
main
pings
payload
under
processes
.
dynamic
.
scalars
.
.
.
note
:
:
Accumulating
in
dynamic
scalars
only
works
in
content
child
processes
and
in
the
parent
process
.
All
the
accumulations
(
parent
and
content
chldren
)
are
aggregated
together
.
New
scalars
registered
here
are
subject
to
the
same
:
ref
:
limitations
<
scalar
-
limitations
>
as
the
ones
registered
through
Scalars
.
yaml
e
.
g
.
the
length
of
the
category
name
or
the
allowed
characters
.
When
add
-
ons
are
updated
they
may
re
-
register
all
of
their
scalars
.
In
that
case
any
changes
to
scalars
that
are
already
registered
are
ignored
.
The
only
exception
is
expiry
;
a
scalar
that
is
re
-
registered
with
expired
:
true
will
not
be
recorded
anymore
.
Example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
Services
.
telemetry
.
registerScalars
(
"
myAddon
.
category
"
{
"
counter_scalar
"
:
{
kind
:
Ci
.
nsITelemetry
.
SCALAR_TYPE_COUNT
keyed
:
false
record_on_release
:
false
}
}
)
;
/
/
Now
scalars
can
be
recorded
.
Services
.
telemetry
.
scalarSet
(
"
myAddon
.
category
.
counter_scalar
"
37
)
;
C
+
+
API
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Probes
in
native
code
can
use
the
more
convenient
helper
functions
declared
in
Telemetry
.
h
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
Telemetry
.
h
>
_
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
cpp
void
ScalarAdd
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
uint32_t
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarSet
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
uint32_t
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarSet
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
const
nsAString
&
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarSet
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
bool
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarSetMaximum
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
uint32_t
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarAdd
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
const
nsAString
&
aKey
uint32_t
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarSet
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
const
nsAString
&
aKey
uint32_t
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarSet
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
const
nsAString
&
aKey
bool
aValue
)
;
void
ScalarSetMaximum
(
mozilla
:
:
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
aId
const
nsAString
&
aKey
uint32_t
aValue
)
;
.
.
warning
:
:
Scalar
operations
are
designed
to
be
cheap
not
free
.
If
you
wish
to
manipulate
Scalars
in
a
performance
-
sensitive
piece
of
code
store
the
operations
locally
and
change
the
Scalar
only
after
the
performance
-
sensitive
piece
(
"
hot
path
"
)
has
completed
.
The
YAML
definition
file
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Scalar
probes
are
required
to
be
registered
both
for
validation
and
transparency
reasons
in
the
Scalars
.
yaml
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
Scalars
.
yaml
>
_
definition
file
.
The
probes
in
the
definition
file
are
represented
in
a
fixed
-
depth
two
-
level
structure
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
#
The
following
is
a
category
.
a
.
category
.
hierarchy
:
a_probe_name
:
kind
:
uint
.
.
.
another_probe
:
kind
:
string
.
.
.
.
.
.
category2
:
probe
:
kind
:
int
.
.
.
.
.
_scalar
-
limitations
:
Category
and
probe
names
need
to
follow
a
few
rules
:
-
they
cannot
exceed
40
characters
each
;
-
category
names
must
be
alpha
-
numeric
+
.
with
no
leading
/
trailing
digit
or
.
;
-
probe
names
must
be
alpha
-
numeric
+
_
with
no
leading
/
trailing
digit
or
_
.
A
probe
can
be
defined
as
follows
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
a
.
category
.
hierarchy
:
a_scalar
:
bug_numbers
:
-
1276190
description
:
A
nice
one
-
line
description
.
expires
:
never
kind
:
uint
notification_emails
:
-
telemetry
-
client
-
dev
mozilla
.
com
Required
Fields
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
bug_numbers
:
A
list
of
unsigned
integers
representing
the
number
of
the
bugs
the
probe
was
introduced
in
.
-
description
:
A
single
or
multi
-
line
string
describing
what
data
the
probe
collects
and
when
it
gets
collected
.
-
expires
:
The
version
number
in
which
the
scalar
expires
e
.
g
.
"
30
"
;
a
version
number
of
type
"
N
"
is
automatically
converted
to
"
N
.
0a1
"
in
order
to
expire
the
scalar
also
in
the
development
channels
.
A
telemetry
probe
acting
on
an
expired
scalar
will
print
a
warning
into
the
browser
console
.
For
scalars
that
never
expire
the
value
never
can
be
used
.
-
kind
:
A
string
representing
the
scalar
type
.
Allowed
values
are
uint
string
and
boolean
.
-
notification_emails
:
A
list
of
email
addresses
to
notify
with
alerts
of
expiring
probes
.
More
importantly
these
are
used
by
the
data
steward
to
verify
that
the
probe
is
still
useful
.
-
record_in_processes
:
A
list
of
processes
the
scalar
is
allowed
to
record
in
.
Currently
supported
values
are
:
-
main
;
-
content
;
-
gpu
;
-
all_children
(
record
in
all
the
child
processes
)
;
-
all
(
record
in
all
the
processes
)
.
Optional
Fields
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
cpp_guard
:
A
string
that
gets
inserted
as
an
#
ifdef
directive
around
the
automatically
generated
C
+
+
declaration
.
This
is
typically
used
for
platform
-
specific
scalars
e
.
g
.
ANDROID
.
-
release_channel_collection
:
This
can
be
either
opt
-
in
(
default
)
or
opt
-
out
.
With
the
former
the
scalar
is
submitted
by
default
on
pre
-
release
channels
unless
the
user
has
opted
out
.
With
the
latter
the
scalar
is
submitted
by
default
on
release
and
pre
-
release
channels
unless
the
user
has
opted
out
.
-
keyed
:
A
boolean
that
determines
whether
this
is
a
keyed
scalar
.
It
defaults
to
False
.
-
products
:
A
list
of
products
the
scalar
can
be
recorded
on
.
It
defaults
to
all
.
Currently
supported
values
are
:
-
firefox
-
fennec
-
geckoview
-
all
(
record
on
all
products
)
String
type
restrictions
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
To
prevent
abuses
the
content
of
a
string
scalar
is
limited
to
50
characters
in
length
.
Trying
to
set
a
longer
string
will
result
in
an
error
and
no
string
being
set
.
.
.
_scalars
.
keyed
-
scalars
:
Keyed
Scalars
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Keyed
scalars
are
collections
of
uint
or
boolean
scalar
types
indexed
by
a
string
key
that
can
contain
UTF8
characters
and
cannot
be
longer
than
72
characters
.
Keyed
scalars
can
contain
up
to
100
keys
.
This
scalar
type
is
for
example
useful
when
you
want
to
break
down
certain
counts
by
a
name
like
how
often
searches
happen
with
which
search
engine
.
Keyed
string
scalars
are
not
supported
.
Keyed
scalars
should
only
be
used
if
the
set
of
keys
are
not
known
beforehand
.
If
the
keys
are
from
a
known
set
of
strings
other
options
are
preferred
if
suitable
like
categorical
histograms
or
splitting
measurements
up
into
separate
scalars
.
Multiple
processes
caveats
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
When
recording
data
in
different
processes
of
the
same
type
(
e
.
g
.
multiple
content
processes
)
the
user
is
responsible
for
preventing
races
between
the
operations
on
the
scalars
.
Races
can
happen
because
scalar
changes
are
sent
from
each
child
process
to
the
parent
process
and
then
merged
into
the
final
storage
location
.
Since
there
'
s
no
synchronization
between
the
processes
operations
like
setMaximum
can
potentially
produce
different
results
if
sent
from
more
than
one
child
process
.
The
processor
scripts
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
scalar
definition
file
is
processed
and
checked
for
correctness
at
compile
time
.
If
it
conforms
to
the
specification
the
processor
scripts
generate
two
C
+
+
headers
files
included
by
the
Telemetry
C
+
+
core
.
gen_scalar_data
.
py
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
This
script
is
called
by
the
build
system
to
generate
the
TelemetryScalarData
.
h
C
+
+
header
file
out
of
the
scalar
definitions
.
This
header
file
contains
an
array
holding
the
scalar
names
and
version
strings
in
addition
to
an
array
of
ScalarInfo
structures
representing
all
the
scalars
.
gen_scalar_enum
.
py
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
This
script
is
called
by
the
build
system
to
generate
the
TelemetryScalarEnums
.
h
C
+
+
header
file
out
of
the
scalar
definitions
.
This
header
file
contains
an
enum
class
with
all
the
scalar
identifiers
used
to
access
them
from
code
through
the
C
+
+
API
.
Adding
a
new
probe
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Making
a
scalar
measurement
is
a
two
step
process
:
1
.
add
the
probe
definition
to
the
scalar
registry
;
2
.
record
into
the
scalar
using
the
API
.
Registering
the
scalar
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Let
'
s
start
by
registering
two
probes
in
the
Scalars
.
yaml
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
Scalars
.
yaml
>
_
definition
file
:
a
simple
boolean
scalar
and
a
keyed
unsigned
scalar
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
#
The
following
section
contains
the
demo
scalars
.
profile
:
was_reset
:
bug_numbers
:
-
1301364
description
:
True
if
the
profile
was
reset
.
expires
:
"
60
"
kind
:
boolean
notification_emails
:
-
change
-
me
allizom
.
com
release_channel_collection
:
opt
-
out
record_in_processes
:
-
'
main
'
ui
:
download_button_activated
:
bug_numbers
:
-
1301364
description
:
>
The
number
of
times
the
download
button
was
activated
per
input
type
(
e
.
g
.
'
mouse_click
'
'
touchscreen
'
.
.
.
)
.
expires
:
"
60
"
kind
:
uint
keyed
:
true
notification_emails
:
-
change
-
me
allizom
.
com
release_channel_collection
:
opt
-
in
record_in_processes
:
-
'
main
'
These
two
scalars
have
different
collection
policies
and
are
both
constrained
to
recording
only
in
the
main
process
.
For
example
the
ui
.
download_button_activated
can
be
recorded
only
by
users
on
running
pre
-
release
builds
of
Firefox
.
Using
the
JS
API
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Changing
the
demo
scalars
from
privileged
JavaScript
code
is
straightforward
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
/
/
Set
the
scalar
value
:
trying
to
use
a
non
-
boolean
value
doesn
'
t
throw
/
/
but
rather
prints
a
warning
to
the
browser
console
Services
.
telemetry
.
scalarSet
(
"
profile
.
was_reset
"
true
)
;
/
/
This
call
increments
the
value
stored
in
"
mouse_click
"
within
the
/
/
"
ui
.
download_button_activated
"
scalar
by
1
.
Services
.
telemetry
.
keyedScalarAdd
(
"
ui
.
download_button_activated
"
"
mouse_click
"
1
)
;
More
usage
examples
can
be
found
in
the
tests
covering
the
JS
Scalars
API
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
tests
/
unit
/
test_TelemetryScalars
.
js
>
_
and
child
processes
scalars
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
tests
/
unit
/
test_ChildScalars
.
js
>
_
.
Using
the
C
+
+
API
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Native
code
can
take
advantage
of
Scalars
as
well
by
including
the
Telemetry
.
h
header
file
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
cpp
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarSet
(
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
:
:
PROFILE_WAS_RESET
false
)
;
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarAdd
(
Telemetry
:
:
ScalarID
:
:
UI_DOWNLOAD_BUTTON_ACTIVATED
NS_LITERAL_STRING
(
"
touchscreen
"
)
1
)
;
The
ScalarID
enum
is
automatically
generated
by
the
build
process
with
an
example
being
available
here
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
search
?
q
=
path
%
3ATelemetryScalarEnums
.
h
&
redirect
=
false
>
_
.
Other
examples
can
be
found
in
the
test
coverage
<
https
:
/
/
dxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
tests
/
gtest
/
TestScalars
.
cpp
>
_
for
the
scalars
C
+
+
API
.
Version
History
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
-
Firefox
50
:
Initial
scalar
support
(
bug
1276195
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1276195
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
51
:
Added
keyed
scalars
(
bug
1277806
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1277806
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
53
:
Added
child
process
scalars
(
bug
1278556
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1278556
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
58
-
Added
support
for
recording
new
scalars
from
add
-
ons
(
bug
1393801
<
bug
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1393801
>
_
)
.
-
Ignore
re
-
registering
existing
scalars
for
a
category
instead
of
failing
(
bug
1409323
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1409323
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
60
:
Enabled
support
for
adding
scalars
in
artifact
builds
and
build
-
faster
workflows
(
bug
1425909
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1425909
>
_
)
.
