docs/contributing/searchfox/blame.rst, before:

.
.
_searchfox
-
blame
:
=
=
=
=
=
Blame
=
=
=
=
=
"
Blame
"
(
in
git
or
"
annotate
"
in
mercurial
)
is
a
feature
to
show
the
last
revision
that
modified
the
line
for
each
line
in
a
file
.
The
blame
information
is
embedded
into
the
source
listing
.
.
.
image
:
:
img
/
blame
.
png
:
class
:
border
:
alt
:
The
blame
popup
:
width
:
683px
.
.
_searchfox
-
blame
-
strip
:
Blame
strip
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
blame
information
is
available
from
the
blame
strip
which
is
shown
at
the
left
side
of
the
line
numbers
as
a
gray
line
.
Hovering
a
pointer
over
the
blame
strip
shows
a
"
blame
popup
"
which
shows
the
blame
information
for
the
given
chunk
of
the
code
.
The
first
two
lines
show
the
commit
mssage
usually
starts
from
the
bug
number
and
then
the
author
and
the
author
date
(
not
the
committer
/
push
date
)
.
annotated
diff
Open
the
annotated
diff
view
of
the
commit
hosted
on
Searchfox
.
full
diff
Open
the
full
diff
view
on
the
repository
e
.
g
.
on
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
.
Show
latest
version
without
this
line
Open
the
revision
-
specific
URL
of
the
last
revision
before
the
given
commit
.
Show
earliest
version
with
this
line
Open
the
revision
-
specific
URL
of
the
revision
for
the
given
commit
.

Commit message:

Bug 2002872 - Part 5: Document the Phabricator revision in the Blame strip. r=asuth
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D277692

UltraBlame original commit: ba6eb796773963905474848bd8b4019af22fc75b

docs/contributing/searchfox/blame.rst, after:

.
.
_searchfox
-
blame
:
=
=
=
=
=
Blame
=
=
=
=
=
"
Blame
"
(
in
git
or
"
annotate
"
in
mercurial
)
is
a
feature
to
show
the
last
revision
that
modified
the
line
for
each
line
in
a
file
.
The
blame
information
is
embedded
into
the
source
listing
.
.
.
image
:
:
img
/
blame
.
png
:
class
:
border
:
alt
:
The
blame
popup
:
width
:
683px
.
.
_searchfox
-
blame
-
strip
:
Blame
strip
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
blame
information
is
available
from
the
blame
strip
which
is
shown
at
the
left
side
of
the
line
numbers
as
a
gray
line
.
Hovering
a
pointer
over
the
blame
strip
shows
a
"
blame
popup
"
which
shows
the
blame
information
for
the
given
chunk
of
the
code
.
The
first
two
lines
show
the
commit
mssage
usually
starts
from
the
bug
number
and
then
the
author
and
the
author
date
(
not
the
committer
/
push
date
)
.
annotated
diff
Open
the
annotated
diff
view
of
the
commit
hosted
on
Searchfox
.
full
diff
Open
the
full
diff
view
on
the
repository
e
.
g
.
on
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
.
Phabricator
Revision
Open
the
Phabricator
revision
for
the
commit
.
Show
latest
version
without
this
line
Open
the
revision
-
specific
URL
of
the
last
revision
before
the
given
commit
.
Show
earliest
version
with
this
line
Open
the
revision
-
specific
URL
of
the
revision
for
the
given
commit
.
