docs/contributing/searchfox/source_listing.rst, before:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Source
listing
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
.
.
image
:
:
img
/
source
-
listing
.
png
:
class
:
border
:
alt
:
The
source
listing
and
each
component
:
width
:
958px
Search
field
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
header
shows
the
:
ref
:
search
<
searchfox_search
>
field
.
Revision
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
In
the
file
listing
the
header
shows
the
currently
-
showing
revision
'
s
hash
and
the
commit
message
.
Breadcrumbs
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Below
the
header
breadcrumbs
for
the
file
is
shown
.
You
can
select
different
tree
from
the
repository
drop
down
menu
there
and
also
navigate
to
other
directory
or
open
a
context
menu
for
the
file
symbol
.
Line
numbers
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Lines
can
be
selected
by
clicking
optionally
with
modifier
keys
.
The
selected
lines
are
reflected
to
the
URL
and
opening
URLs
with
those
lines
shows
the
selected
lines
.
This
is
handy
for
sharing
a
code
with
pointing
specific
lines
.
*
Click
the
line
number
selects
the
line
.
*
:
kbd
:
Shift
+
click
:
selects
lines
by
start
/
end
range
.
*
:
kbd
:
Ctrl
+
click
/
:
kbd
:
Cmd
+
click
:
adds
/
removes
individual
line
from
/
to
the
selection
.
Blame
strip
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
See
the
:
ref
:
Blame
strip
<
searchfox
-
blame
-
strip
>
documentation
.
Code
coverage
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
light
-
blue
line
next
to
the
blame
strip
shows
the
code
coverage
<
https
:
/
/
firefox
-
source
-
docs
.
mozilla
.
org
/
tools
/
code
-
coverage
/
index
.
html
>
__
information
.
Hovering
a
pointer
over
the
coverage
strip
shows
a
coverage
popup
which
shows
how
many
times
the
line
is
hit
in
the
automation
.
.
.
image
:
:
img
/
coverage
.
png
:
class
:
border
:
alt
:
The
code
coverage
information
:
width
:
589px
Nesting
header
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
.
.
image
:
:
img
/
nesting
.
png
:
class
:
border
:
alt
:
The
nesting
header
:
width
:
535px
For
nesting
structures
inside
a
source
code
such
as
namespaces
classes
functions
etc
Searchfox
shows
a
sticky
header
for
the
nesting
.
Symbols
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Clicking
each
symbol
(
functions
variables
)
opens
:
ref
:
Context
menu
<
searchfox_context_menu
>
.

Commit message:

Bug 2002872 - Part 4: Document the minimum lines for the nesting range for variables. r=asuth
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D277691

UltraBlame original commit: cc7520df2adcecae45954da0d13d495dea4cdd04

docs/contributing/searchfox/source_listing.rst, after:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Source
listing
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
.
.
image
:
:
img
/
source
-
listing
.
png
:
class
:
border
:
alt
:
The
source
listing
and
each
component
:
width
:
958px
Search
field
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
header
shows
the
:
ref
:
search
<
searchfox_search
>
field
.
Revision
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
In
the
file
listing
the
header
shows
the
currently
-
showing
revision
'
s
hash
and
the
commit
message
.
Breadcrumbs
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Below
the
header
breadcrumbs
for
the
file
is
shown
.
You
can
select
different
tree
from
the
repository
drop
down
menu
there
and
also
navigate
to
other
directory
or
open
a
context
menu
for
the
file
symbol
.
Line
numbers
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Lines
can
be
selected
by
clicking
optionally
with
modifier
keys
.
The
selected
lines
are
reflected
to
the
URL
and
opening
URLs
with
those
lines
shows
the
selected
lines
.
This
is
handy
for
sharing
a
code
with
pointing
specific
lines
.
*
Click
the
line
number
selects
the
line
.
*
:
kbd
:
Shift
+
click
:
selects
lines
by
start
/
end
range
.
*
:
kbd
:
Ctrl
+
click
/
:
kbd
:
Cmd
+
click
:
adds
/
removes
individual
line
from
/
to
the
selection
.
Blame
strip
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
See
the
:
ref
:
Blame
strip
<
searchfox
-
blame
-
strip
>
documentation
.
Code
coverage
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
light
-
blue
line
next
to
the
blame
strip
shows
the
code
coverage
<
https
:
/
/
firefox
-
source
-
docs
.
mozilla
.
org
/
tools
/
code
-
coverage
/
index
.
html
>
__
information
.
Hovering
a
pointer
over
the
coverage
strip
shows
a
coverage
popup
which
shows
how
many
times
the
line
is
hit
in
the
automation
.
.
.
image
:
:
img
/
coverage
.
png
:
class
:
border
:
alt
:
The
code
coverage
information
:
width
:
589px
Nesting
header
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
.
.
image
:
:
img
/
nesting
.
png
:
class
:
border
:
alt
:
The
nesting
header
:
width
:
535px
For
nesting
structures
inside
a
source
code
such
as
namespaces
classes
functions
etc
Searchfox
shows
a
sticky
header
for
the
nesting
.
For
variable
declarations
spans
across
multiple
lines
in
C
+
+
code
the
nesting
header
is
shown
if
it
has
10
+
lines
.
Symbols
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Clicking
each
symbol
(
functions
variables
)
opens
:
ref
:
Context
menu
<
searchfox_context_menu
>
.
