js/src/jit-test/etc/wasm/README.md, before:

#
Wasm
Spec
Tests
This
directory
contains
scripts
and
configs
to
manage
the
in
-
tree
import
of
the
wasm
spec
testsuite
.
#
#
Format
of
tests
Spec
tests
are
given
in
test
/
core
of
the
spec
repository
as
.
wast
files
.
A
.
wast
file
is
a
superset
of
the
.
wat
format
with
commands
for
running
tests
.
The
spec
interpreter
can
natively
consume
.
wast
files
to
run
the
tests
but
we
cannot
run
them
directly
ourselves
.
To
workaround
this
we
have
a
tool
which
can
convert
.
wast
files
to
.
js
that
can
be
run
efficiently
in
our
jit
-
test
harness
.
#
#
Running
tests
Tests
are
imported
to
jit
-
test
to
be
run
in
the
JS
shell
.
To
run
under
jit
-
test
:
bash
cd
js
/
src
.
/
jit
-
test
.
py
path_to_build
/
dist
/
bin
/
js
wasm
/
spec
/
#
#
Test
importing
There
are
many
proposals
in
addition
to
the
canonical
spec
.
Each
proposal
is
a
fork
of
the
canonical
spec
and
may
modify
any
amount
of
files
.
This
causes
a
challenge
for
any
engine
implementing
multiple
proposals
as
any
proposal
may
conflict
(
and
often
will
)
with
each
other
.
This
makes
it
infeasible
to
merge
all
spec
and
proposal
repos
together
.
Testing
each
proposal
separately
in
full
isn
'
t
an
attractive
option
either
as
most
tests
are
unchanged
and
that
would
cause
a
significant
amount
of
wasted
computation
time
.
For
this
reason
we
generate
a
set
of
separate
test
-
suites
that
are
'
pruned
'
to
obtain
a
minimal
set
of
tests
.
The
tool
works
by
merging
each
proposal
with
the
proposal
it
is
based
off
of
and
removing
tests
that
have
not
changed
.
#
#
#
Configuration
The
import
tool
relies
on
config
.
toml
for
the
list
of
proposals
to
import
and
config
-
lock
.
toml
for
a
list
of
commits
to
use
for
each
proposal
.
The
lock
file
makes
test
importing
deterministic
and
controllable
.
This
is
useful
as
proposals
often
make
inconvenient
and
breaking
changes
.
#
#
#
Operation
bash
#
Add
remove
or
modify
proposals
vim
generate
-
spectests
/
config
.
toml
#
Remove
locks
for
any
proposals
you
wish
to
pull
the
latest
changes
on
vim
generate
-
spectests
/
config
-
lock
.
toml
#
Import
the
tests
make
update
#
View
the
tests
that
were
imported
hg
stat
#
Run
the
imported
tests
and
note
failures
.
/
jit
-
test
.
py
dist
/
bin
/
js
wasm
/
spec
/
#
Exclude
test
failures
vim
generate
-
spectests
/
config
.
toml
#
Re
-
import
the
tests
to
exclude
failing
tests
make
update
#
Commit
the
changes
hg
commit
#
#
#
Debugging
import
failures
Proposals
can
often
have
conflicts
with
their
upstream
proposals
.
This
is
okay
and
the
test
importer
will
fallback
to
building
tests
on
an
unmerged
tree
.
This
will
likely
result
in
extra
tests
being
imported
due
to
spurious
differences
between
the
proposal
and
upstream
but
generally
is
okay
.
The
import
tool
uses
RUST_LOG
to
output
debug
information
.
Makefile
automatically
uses
RUST_LOG
=
info
.
Change
that
to
RUST_LOG
=
debug
to
get
verbose
output
of
all
the
commands
run
.

Commit message:

Bug 1969510 - wasm: Modified a spec test related to memory64. r=bvisness
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D257896

UltraBlame original commit: 3a3ab6dbf27b72c7c726748b55c868d349876a8c

js/src/jit-test/etc/wasm/README.md, after:

#
Wasm
Spec
Tests
This
directory
contains
scripts
and
configs
to
manage
the
in
-
tree
import
of
the
wasm
spec
testsuite
.
#
#
Format
of
tests
Spec
tests
are
given
in
test
/
core
of
the
spec
repository
as
.
wast
files
.
A
.
wast
file
is
a
superset
of
the
.
wat
format
with
commands
for
running
tests
.
The
spec
interpreter
can
natively
consume
.
wast
files
to
run
the
tests
but
we
cannot
run
them
directly
ourselves
.
To
workaround
this
we
have
a
tool
which
can
convert
.
wast
files
to
.
js
that
can
be
run
efficiently
in
our
jit
-
test
harness
.
#
#
Running
tests
Tests
are
imported
to
jit
-
test
to
be
run
in
the
JS
shell
.
To
run
under
jit
-
test
:
bash
cd
js
/
src
.
/
jit
-
test
.
py
path_to_build
/
dist
/
bin
/
js
wasm
/
spec
/
#
#
Test
importing
There
are
many
proposals
in
addition
to
the
canonical
spec
.
Each
proposal
is
a
fork
of
the
canonical
spec
and
may
modify
any
amount
of
files
.
This
causes
a
challenge
for
any
engine
implementing
multiple
proposals
as
any
proposal
may
conflict
(
and
often
will
)
with
each
other
.
This
makes
it
infeasible
to
merge
all
spec
and
proposal
repos
together
.
Testing
each
proposal
separately
in
full
isn
'
t
an
attractive
option
either
as
most
tests
are
unchanged
and
that
would
cause
a
significant
amount
of
wasted
computation
time
.
For
this
reason
we
generate
a
set
of
separate
test
-
suites
that
are
'
pruned
'
to
obtain
a
minimal
set
of
tests
.
The
tool
works
by
merging
each
proposal
with
the
proposal
it
is
based
off
of
and
removing
tests
that
have
not
changed
.
#
#
#
Configuration
The
import
tool
relies
on
config
.
toml
for
the
list
of
proposals
to
import
and
config
-
lock
.
toml
for
a
list
of
commits
to
use
for
each
proposal
.
The
lock
file
makes
test
importing
deterministic
and
controllable
.
This
is
useful
as
proposals
often
make
inconvenient
and
breaking
changes
.
#
#
#
Operation
bash
#
From
the
root
of
the
repo
navigate
into
js
/
src
/
jit
-
test
/
etc
/
wasm
/
#
Add
remove
or
modify
proposals
vim
generate
-
spectests
/
config
.
toml
#
Remove
locks
for
any
proposals
you
wish
to
pull
the
latest
changes
on
vim
generate
-
spectests
/
config
-
lock
.
toml
#
Import
the
tests
make
update
#
View
the
tests
that
were
imported
git
status
#
Run
the
imported
tests
and
note
failures
.
/
jit
-
test
.
py
dist
/
bin
/
js
wasm
/
spec
/
#
Exclude
test
failures
vim
generate
-
spectests
/
config
.
toml
#
Re
-
import
the
tests
to
exclude
failing
tests
make
update
#
Commit
the
changes
git
commit
#
#
#
Debugging
import
failures
Proposals
can
often
have
conflicts
with
their
upstream
proposals
.
This
is
okay
and
the
test
importer
will
fallback
to
building
tests
on
an
unmerged
tree
.
This
will
likely
result
in
extra
tests
being
imported
due
to
spurious
differences
between
the
proposal
and
upstream
but
generally
is
okay
.
The
import
tool
uses
RUST_LOG
to
output
debug
information
.
Makefile
automatically
uses
RUST_LOG
=
info
.
Change
that
to
RUST_LOG
=
debug
to
get
verbose
output
of
all
the
commands
run
.
