taskcluster/docs/caches.rst, before:

.
.
taskcluster_caches
:
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Common
Caches
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
There
are
various
caches
used
by
the
in
-
tree
tasks
.
This
page
attempts
to
document
them
and
their
appropriate
use
.
Version
Control
Caches
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
level
-
{
{
level
}
}
-
checkouts
This
cache
holds
version
control
checkouts
each
in
a
subdirectory
named
after
the
repo
(
e
.
g
.
gecko
)
.
Checkouts
should
be
read
-
only
.
If
a
task
needs
to
create
new
files
from
content
of
a
checkout
this
content
should
be
written
in
a
separate
directory
/
cache
(
like
a
workspace
)
.
level
-
{
{
level
}
}
-
{
{
project
}
}
-
tc
-
vcs
(
deprecated
)
This
cache
is
used
internally
by
tc
-
vcs
.
This
tool
is
deprecated
and
should
be
replaced
with
hg
robustcheckout
.
Workspace
Caches
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
level
-
{
{
level
}
}
-
*
-
workspace
These
caches
(
of
various
names
typically
ending
with
workspace
)
contain
state
to
be
shared
between
task
invocations
.
Use
cases
are
dependent
on
the
task
.
Other
=
=
=
=
=
tooltool
-
cache
Tooltool
invocations
should
use
this
cache
.
Tooltool
will
store
files
here
indexed
by
their
hash
and
will
verify
hashes
before
copying
files
from
this
directory
so
there
is
no
concern
with
sharing
the
cache
between
jobs
of
different
levels
.

Commit message:

Bug 1312475 - Add a version parameter to checkouts cache; r=dustin
ff5a4bab0813 (bug 1311791) and 332a08725ed0 (bug 1292071) changed
behavior of the VCS caches. First, the store cache / path was merged
into the checkouts cache. Then the path of the Mercurial shared store
was moved within the cache to always be rooted at the cache root.

Caches are shared across tasks. Tasks can execute on any revision
configured to use a cache. So, when interacting with caches, it is
important to consider how every revision configured to use that
cache will interact with it.

Take this scenario for example.

A worker executes a task where the hg shared store is rooted at
/home/worker/checkouts/src/hg-shared. Then the worker executes a
task where the hg shared store is rooted at
/home/worker/checkouts/hg-store. `hg robustcheckout` will see the
checkout from the first task. But then it sees that the store
it is pointing to is at an unexpected location
(checkouts/src/hg-shared instead of checkouts/hg-store). `hg
robustcheckout` aggressively normalizes state to ensure
consistency. So when it sees this mismatch, it blows away the
checkout and creates one from checkouts/hg-store to replace it.
That's a lot of overhead. And this cycle can repeat itself if
the right combination of revisions run on the worker!

A solution to this problem is to create a clean break from caches
when cache semantics change. In TaskCluster, that means using a
different cache.

This commit introduces a "version" component to the checkouts
cache name. By doing so, we create a clean break from all previous
caches, ensuring all revisions this point forward won't encounter
an hg shared store at an unexpected location. This also paves the
road for easily making additional clean breaks in the future.

MozReview-Commit-ID: JT8yuULKpch

UltraBlame original commit: 9156c39da0937ef732f5994812b5ccae9cc94048

taskcluster/docs/caches.rst, after:

.
.
taskcluster_caches
:
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Common
Caches
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
There
are
various
caches
used
by
the
in
-
tree
tasks
.
This
page
attempts
to
document
them
and
their
appropriate
use
.
Version
Control
Caches
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
level
-
{
{
level
}
}
-
checkouts
-
{
{
version
}
}
This
cache
holds
version
control
checkouts
each
in
a
subdirectory
named
after
the
repo
(
e
.
g
.
gecko
)
.
Checkouts
should
be
read
-
only
.
If
a
task
needs
to
create
new
files
from
content
of
a
checkout
this
content
should
be
written
in
a
separate
directory
/
cache
(
like
a
workspace
)
.
A
version
parameter
appears
in
the
cache
name
to
allow
backwards
-
incompatible
changes
to
the
cache
'
s
behavior
.
level
-
{
{
level
}
}
-
{
{
project
}
}
-
tc
-
vcs
(
deprecated
)
This
cache
is
used
internally
by
tc
-
vcs
.
This
tool
is
deprecated
and
should
be
replaced
with
hg
robustcheckout
.
Workspace
Caches
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
level
-
{
{
level
}
}
-
*
-
workspace
These
caches
(
of
various
names
typically
ending
with
workspace
)
contain
state
to
be
shared
between
task
invocations
.
Use
cases
are
dependent
on
the
task
.
Other
=
=
=
=
=
tooltool
-
cache
Tooltool
invocations
should
use
this
cache
.
Tooltool
will
store
files
here
indexed
by
their
hash
and
will
verify
hashes
before
copying
files
from
this
directory
so
there
is
no
concern
with
sharing
the
cache
between
jobs
of
different
levels
.
