widget/windows/docs/blocklist.rst, before:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Windows
DLL
Blocklisting
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Overview
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
There
are
many
applications
which
interact
with
another
application
which
means
they
run
their
code
as
a
DLL
in
a
different
process
.
This
technique
is
used
for
example
when
an
antivirus
software
tries
to
monitor
/
block
navigation
to
a
malicious
website
or
a
screen
reader
tries
to
access
UI
parts
.
If
such
an
application
injects
their
code
into
Firefox
and
if
there
is
a
bug
in
their
code
running
in
our
firefox
.
exe
it
will
emerge
as
Firefox
s
bug
even
though
it
s
not
.
Firefox
for
Windows
has
a
feature
to
prevent
DLLs
from
being
loaded
into
our
processes
.
If
we
are
aware
that
a
particular
DLL
causes
a
problem
in
our
processes
such
as
a
crash
or
performance
degradation
we
can
stop
the
problem
by
blocking
the
DLL
from
being
loaded
.
This
blocklist
is
about
a
third
-
party
application
which
runs
outside
Firefox
but
interacts
with
Firefox
.
For
add
-
ons
there
is
a
different
process
<
https
:
/
/
extensionworkshop
.
com
/
documentation
/
publish
/
add
-
ons
-
blocking
-
process
/
>
_
.
This
page
explains
how
to
request
to
block
a
DLL
which
you
think
we
should
block
it
as
well
as
technical
details
about
the
feature
.
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Two
types
of
blocklists
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
There
are
two
types
of
blocklists
in
Firefox
:
1
.
A
static
blocklist
that
is
compiled
in
to
Firefox
.
This
consists
of
DLLs
known
to
cause
problems
with
Firefox
and
this
blocklist
cannot
be
disabled
by
the
user
.
For
more
information
and
instructions
on
how
to
add
a
new
DLL
to
this
list
see
:
ref
:
Process
for
blocking
a
DLL
in
the
static
blocklist
<
how
-
to
-
block
-
dll
-
in
-
static
-
blocklist
>
below
.
2
.
A
dynamic
blocklist
that
users
can
use
to
block
DLLs
that
are
giving
them
problems
.
This
was
added
in
bug
1744362
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1744362
>
_
.
The
static
blocklist
has
ways
to
specify
if
only
certain
versions
of
a
DLL
should
be
blocked
or
only
for
certain
Firefox
processes
etc
.
The
dynamic
blocklist
does
not
have
this
capability
;
if
a
DLL
is
on
the
list
it
will
always
be
blocked
.
Regardless
of
which
blocklist
the
DLL
is
on
if
it
meets
the
criteria
for
being
blocked
Firefox
uses
the
same
mechanism
to
block
it
.
There
are
more
details
below
in
:
ref
:
How
the
blocklist
blocks
a
DLL
<
how
-
the
-
blocklist
-
blocks
-
a
-
dll
>
.
.
.
_how
-
to
-
block
-
dll
-
in
-
static
-
blocklist
:
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Process
for
blocking
a
DLL
in
the
static
blocklist
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
But
wait
should
we
really
block
it
?
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Blocking
a
DLL
with
the
static
blocklist
should
be
our
last
resort
to
fix
a
problem
because
doing
it
normally
breaks
functionality
of
an
application
which
installed
the
DLL
.
If
there
is
another
option
we
should
always
go
for
it
.
Sometimes
we
can
safely
bypass
a
third
-
party
s
problem
by
changing
our
code
even
though
its
root
cause
is
not
on
our
side
.
When
we
decide
to
block
it
we
must
be
certain
that
the
issue
at
hand
is
so
great
that
it
outweighs
the
user
'
s
choice
to
install
the
software
the
utility
it
provides
and
the
vendor
'
s
freedom
to
distribute
and
control
their
software
.
How
to
request
to
block
a
DLL
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Our
codebase
has
the
file
named
WindowsDllBlocklistDefs
.
in
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
xre
/
dllservices
/
mozglue
/
WindowsDllBlocklistDefs
.
in
>
_
from
which
our
build
process
generates
DLL
blocklists
as
C
+
+
header
files
and
compiles
them
.
To
block
a
new
DLL
you
create
a
patch
to
update
WindowsDllBlocklistDefs
.
in
and
land
it
on
our
codebase
following
our
standard
development
process
.
Moreover
you
need
to
fill
out
a
form
specific
to
the
DLL
blockling
request
so
that
reviewers
can
review
the
impact
and
risk
as
well
as
the
patch
itself
.
Here
are
the
steps
:
1
.
File
a
bug
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
enter_bug
.
cgi
?
format
=
__default__
&
bug_type
=
defect
&
product
=
Toolkit
&
component
=
Blocklist
%
20Policy
%
20Requests
&
op_sys
=
Windows
&
short_desc
=
DLL
%
20block
%
20request
%
3A
%
20
%
3CDLL
%
20name
%
3E
&
comment
=
Please
%
20go
%
20through
%
20https
%
3A
%
2F
%
2Fwiki
.
mozilla
.
org
%
2FBlocklisting
%
2FDLL
%
20before
%
20filing
%
20a
%
20new
%
20bug
.
>
_
if
it
does
not
exist
.
2
.
Answer
all
the
questions
in
this
questionnaire
<
https
:
/
/
msmania
.
github
.
io
/
assets
/
mozilla
/
third
-
party
-
modules
/
questionnaire
.
txt
>
_
and
attach
it
to
the
bug
as
a
plaintext
.
3
.
Make
a
patch
and
start
a
code
review
via
Phabricator
as
usual
.
How
to
edit
WindowsDllBlocklistDefs
.
in
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
WindowsDllBlocklistDefs
.
in
defines
several
variables
as
a
Python
Array
.
When
you
add
a
new
entry
in
the
blocklists
you
pick
one
of
the
variables
and
add
an
entry
in
the
following
syntax
:
Syntax
*
*
*
*
*
*
:
:
Variable
+
=
[
.
.
.
#
One
-
liner
comment
including
a
bug
number
EntryType
(
Name
Version
Flags
)
.
.
.
]
Parameters
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Parameter
|
Value
|
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
|
Variable
|
ALL_PROCESSES
\
|
BROWSER_PROCESS
\
|
CHILD_PROCESSES
\
|
GPU_PROCESSES
\
|
|
|
|
SOCKET_PROCESSES
\
|
UTILITY_PROCESSES
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
EntryType
|
DllBlocklistEntry
\
|
A11yBlocklistEntry
\
|
RedirectToNoOpEntryPoint
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Name
|
A
case
-
insensitive
string
representing
a
DLL
'
s
filename
to
block
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Version
|
One
of
the
following
formats
:
|
|
|
|
|
|
-
ALL_VERSIONS
\
|
UNVERSIONED
|
|
|
-
A
tuple
consisting
of
four
digits
|
|
|
-
A
32
-
bit
integer
representing
a
Unix
timestamp
with
PETimeStamp
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Flags
|
BLOCK_WIN8_AND_OLDER
\
|
BLOCK_WIN7_AND_OLDER
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
Variable
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
Choose
one
of
the
following
predefined
variables
.
-
*
*
ALL_PROCESSES
*
*
:
DLLs
defined
here
are
blocked
in
BROWSER_PROCESS
+
CHILD_PROCESSES
-
*
*
BROWSER_PROCESS
*
*
:
DLLs
defined
here
are
blocked
in
the
browser
process
-
*
*
CHILD_PROCESSES
*
*
:
DLLs
defined
here
are
blocked
in
non
-
browser
processes
-
*
*
GPU_PROCESSES
*
*
:
DLLs
defined
here
are
blocked
in
GPU
processes
-
*
*
SOCKET_PROCESSES
*
*
:
DLLs
defined
here
are
blocked
in
socket
processes
-
*
*
UTILITY_PROCESSES
*
*
:
DLLs
defined
here
are
blocked
in
utility
processes
EntryType
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
Choose
one
of
the
following
predefined
EntryTypes
.
-
*
*
DllBlocklistEntry
*
*
:
Use
this
EntryType
unless
your
case
matches
the
other
EntryTypes
.
-
*
*
A11yBlocklistEntry
*
*
:
If
you
want
to
block
a
module
only
when
it
s
loaded
by
an
accessibility
application
such
as
a
screen
reader
you
can
use
this
EntryType
.
-
*
*
RedirectToNoOpEntryPoint
*
*
:
If
a
modules
is
injected
via
Import
Directory
Table
adding
the
module
as
DllBlocklistEntry
breaks
process
launch
meaning
DllBlocklistEntry
is
not
an
option
.
You
can
use
RedirectToNoOpEntryPoint
instead
.
Name
*
*
*
*
A
case
-
insensitive
string
representing
a
DLL
'
s
filename
to
block
.
Don
t
include
a
directory
name
.
Version
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
A
maximum
version
to
be
blocked
.
If
you
specify
a
value
a
module
with
the
specified
version
older
versions
and
a
module
with
no
version
are
blocked
.
|
If
you
want
to
block
a
module
regardless
of
its
version
use
ALL_VERSIONS
.
|
If
you
want
to
block
a
module
with
no
version
use
UNVERSIONED
.
To
specify
a
version
you
can
use
either
of
the
following
formats
:
-
|
A
tuple
consisting
of
four
digits
.
This
is
compared
to
the
version
that
is
embedded
in
a
DLL
as
a
version
resource
.
|
Example
:
(
1
2
3
4
)
-
|
A
32
-
bit
integer
representing
a
Unix
timestamp
with
PETimeStamp
.
This
is
compared
to
an
integer
of
IMAGE_FILE_HEADER
:
:
TimeDateStamp
.
|
Example
:
PETimeStamp
(
0x12345678
)
Flags
*
*
*
*
*
If
you
know
a
problem
happens
only
on
older
Windows
versions
you
can
use
one
of
the
following
flags
to
narrow
down
the
affected
platform
.
-
BLOCK_WIN8_AND_OLDER
-
BLOCK_WIN7_AND_OLDER
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Technical
details
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
.
.
_how
-
the
-
blocklist
-
blocks
-
a
-
dll
:
How
the
blocklist
blocks
a
DLL
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Briefly
speaking
we
make
ntdll
!
NtMapViewOfSection
return
STATUS_ACCESS_DENIED
if
a
given
module
is
on
the
blocklist
thereby
a
third
-
party
s
code
or
even
Firefox
s
legitimate
code
which
tries
to
load
a
DLL
in
our
processes
in
any
way
such
as
LoadLibrary
API
fails
and
receives
an
access
-
denied
error
.
Cases
where
we
should
not
block
a
module
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
As
our
blocklist
works
as
explained
above
there
are
the
cases
where
we
should
not
block
a
module
.
-
|
A
module
is
loaded
via
Import
Directory
Table
<
https
:
/
/
docs
.
microsoft
.
com
/
en
-
us
/
windows
/
win32
/
debug
/
pe
-
format
#
import
-
directory
-
table
>
_
|
Blocking
this
type
of
module
blocks
even
a
process
from
launching
.
You
may
be
able
to
block
this
type
of
module
with
RedirectToNoOpEntryPoint
.
-
|
A
module
is
loaded
as
a
Layered
Service
Provider
<
https
:
/
/
docs
.
microsoft
.
com
/
en
-
us
/
windows
/
win32
/
winsock
/
categorizing
-
layered
-
service
-
providers
-
and
-
applications
>
_
|
Blocking
this
type
of
module
on
Windows
8
or
newer
breaks
networking
.
Blocking
a
LSP
on
Windows
7
is
ok
.
(
we
used
to
have
to
avoid
blocking
modules
loaded
via
a
Window
hook
<
https
:
/
/
docs
.
microsoft
.
com
/
en
-
us
/
windows
/
win32
/
winmsg
/
hooks
>
_
because
blocking
this
type
of
module
would
cause
repetitive
attempts
to
load
a
module
resulting
in
slow
performance
like
Bug
1633718
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1633718
>
_
but
this
should
be
fixed
as
of
Bug
1823412
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1823412
>
_
.
)
Third
-
party
-
module
ping
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
We
re
collecting
the
:
ref
:
third
-
party
-
module
ping
<
third
-
party
-
modules
-
ping
>
which
captures
a
moment
when
a
third
-
party
module
is
loaded
into
the
Browser
/
Tab
/
RDD
process
.
As
it
s
asked
in
the
request
form
it
s
important
to
check
the
third
-
party
-
module
ping
and
see
whether
a
module
we
want
to
block
appears
in
the
ping
or
not
.
If
it
appears
you
may
be
able
to
know
how
a
module
is
loaded
by
looking
at
a
callstack
in
the
ping
.
How
to
view
callstacks
in
the
ping
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
1
.
You
can
run
a
query
on
BigQuery
console
or
STMO
.
(
BigQuery
console
is
much
faster
and
can
handle
larger
data
.
)
-
BigQuery
console
(
visit
here
<
https
:
/
/
docs
.
telemetry
.
mozilla
.
org
/
cookbooks
/
bigquery
.
html
#
gcp
-
bigquery
-
console
>
_
to
request
access
)
:
https
:
/
/
console
.
cloud
.
google
.
com
/
bigquery
-
STMO
:
https
:
/
/
sql
.
telemetry
.
mozilla
.
org
/
2
.
Make
your
own
query
based
on
this
template
<
https
:
/
/
msmania
.
github
.
io
/
assets
/
mozilla
/
third
-
party
-
modules
/
query
-
template
.
txt
>
_
.
3
.
Run
the
query
.
4
.
Save
the
result
as
a
JSON
file
.
-
In
BigQuery
console
click
[
SAVE
RESULTS
]
and
choose
[
JSON
(
local
file
)
]
.
-
In
STMO
click
[
.
.
.
]
at
the
right
-
top
corner
and
select
[
Show
API
Key
]
then
you
can
download
a
JSON
from
a
URL
shown
in
the
[
Results
in
JSON
format
]
.
5
.
|
Go
to
https
:
/
/
msmania
.
github
.
io
/
assets
/
mozilla
/
third
-
party
-
modules
/
|
(
A
temporal
link
.
Need
to
find
a
permanent
place
.
)
6
.
Click
[
Upload
JSON
]
and
select
the
file
you
saved
at
the
step
4
.
7
.
Click
a
row
in
the
table
to
view
a
callstack
How
to
see
the
versions
of
a
specific
module
in
the
ping
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
You
can
use
this
template
query
<
https
:
/
/
msmania
.
github
.
io
/
assets
/
mozilla
/
third
-
party
-
modules
/
query
-
groupby
-
template
.
txt
>
_
to
query
which
versions
of
a
specific
module
are
captured
in
the
ping
.
This
tells
the
product
versions
which
are
actively
used
including
the
crashing
versions
and
the
working
versions
.
You
can
also
get
the
crashing
versions
by
querying
the
crash
reports
or
the
Socorro
table
.
Having
two
version
lists
you
can
decide
whether
you
can
specify
the
Version
parameter
in
a
blocklist
entry
.
Initialization
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
In
order
to
have
the
most
effective
blocking
of
DLLs
the
blocklist
is
initialized
very
early
during
browser
startup
.
If
the
:
ref
:
launcher
process
<
launcher
-
process
>
is
available
the
steps
are
:
-
Launcher
process
loads
dynamic
blocklist
from
disk
(
see
DynamicBlocklist
:
:
LoadFile
(
)
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
search
?
q
=
DynamicBlocklist
%
3A
%
3ALoadFile
&
path
=
&
case
=
false
&
regexp
=
false
>
_
)
-
Launcher
process
puts
dynamic
blocklist
data
in
shared
section
(
see
SharedSection
:
:
AddBlocklist
(
)
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
search
?
q
=
SharedSection
%
3A
%
3AAddBlocklist
&
path
=
&
case
=
false
&
regexp
=
false
>
_
)
-
Launcher
process
creates
the
browser
process
in
a
suspended
mode
sets
up
its
dynamic
blocklist
then
starts
it
.
(
see
LauncherMain
(
)
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
search
?
q
=
LauncherMain
&
path
=
&
case
=
false
&
regexp
=
false
>
_
)
-
This
is
so
(
ideally
)
no
DLLs
can
be
injected
before
the
blocklist
is
set
up
.
If
the
launcher
process
is
not
available
a
different
blocklist
is
used
defined
in
mozglue
/
WindowsDllBlocklist
.
cpp
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
xre
/
dllservices
/
mozglue
/
WindowsDllBlocklist
.
cpp
>
_
.
This
code
does
not
currently
support
the
dynamic
blocklist
.
This
is
intended
to
only
be
used
in
testing
and
other
non
-
deployed
scenarios
so
this
shouldn
'
t
be
a
problem
for
users
.
Note
that
the
mozglue
blocklist
also
has
a
feature
to
block
threads
that
start
in
LoadLibrary
and
variants
.
This
code
is
currently
only
turned
on
in
Nightly
builds
because
it
breaks
some
third
-
party
DLP
products
.
Dynamic
blocklist
file
location
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Because
the
blocklist
is
loaded
so
early
during
startup
we
don
'
t
have
access
to
what
profile
is
going
to
be
loaded
so
the
blocklist
file
can
'
t
be
stored
there
.
Instead
by
default
the
blocklist
file
is
stored
in
the
Windows
user
'
s
roaming
app
data
directory
specifically
<
Roaming
AppData
directory
>
\
Mozilla
\
Firefox
\
blocklist
-
<
install
hash
>
Note
that
the
install
hash
here
is
what
is
returned
by
GetInstallHash
(
)
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
mozapps
/
update
/
common
/
commonupdatedir
.
cpp
#
404
>
_
and
is
suitable
for
uniquely
identifying
the
particular
Firefox
installation
that
is
running
.
On
first
launch
this
location
will
be
written
to
the
registry
and
can
be
overriden
by
setting
that
key
to
a
different
file
location
.
The
registry
key
is
HKEY_CURRENT_USER
\
Software
\
Mozilla
\
Firefox
\
Launcher
and
the
name
is
the
full
path
to
firefox
.
exe
with
"
\
|
Blocklist
"
appended
.
This
code
is
in
LauncherRegistryInfo
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
xre
/
LauncherRegistryInfo
.
cpp
>
_
.
Adding
to
and
removing
from
the
dynamic
blocklist
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Users
can
add
or
remove
DLLs
from
the
dynamic
blocklist
by
navigating
to
about
:
third
-
party
finding
the
entry
for
the
DLL
they
are
interested
in
and
clicking
on
the
dash
icon
.
They
will
then
be
prompted
to
restart
the
browser
as
the
change
will
only
take
effect
after
the
browser
restarts
.
Disabling
the
dynamic
blocklist
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
It
is
possible
that
users
can
get
Firefox
into
a
bad
state
by
putting
a
DLL
on
the
dynamic
blocklist
.
One
possibility
is
that
the
user
blocks
only
one
of
a
set
of
DLLs
that
interact
which
could
make
Firefox
behave
in
unpredictable
ways
or
crash
.
By
launching
Firefox
with
-
-
disableDynamicBlocklist
\
the
dynamic
blocklist
will
be
loaded
but
not
used
to
block
DLLs
.
This
lets
the
user
go
to
about
:
third
-
party
and
attempt
to
fix
the
problem
by
unblocking
or
blocking
DLLs
.
Similarly
in
safe
mode
the
dynamic
blocklist
is
also
disabled
.
Enterprise
policy
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
dynamic
blocklist
can
be
disabled
by
setting
a
registry
key
at
HKEY_CURRENT_USER
\
Software
\
Policies
\
Mozilla
\
Firefox
with
a
name
of
DisableThirdPartyModuleBlocking
and
a
DWORD
value
of
1
.
This
will
have
the
effect
of
not
loading
the
dynamic
blocklist
and
no
icons
will
show
up
in
about
:
third
-
party
to
allow
blocking
DLLs
.
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Contact
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Any
questions
or
feedback
are
welcome
!
*
*
Matrix
*
*
:
#
hardening
<
https
:
/
/
app
.
element
.
io
/
#
/
room
/
#
hardening
:
mozilla
.
org
>
_

Commit message:

Bug 1830950 - Block various anti-virus DLLs in GMP processes. r=gstoll
Similar to the utility process in bug 1826393, we are seeing
crashes in the plugin process due to certain anti-virus apps such
as Symantec. This causes us to fail to load the Widevine plugin
with ERROR_MOD_NOT_FOUND.

This patch adds support to add blocklist entries for the GMPlugin
process type, and mirrors the entries added for the utility
process. It also adds a test case to verify the blocklist
integration.

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D176942

UltraBlame original commit: bfedc3d5625c3d2f271720c4ea00d5e6fd8d1cfb

widget/windows/docs/blocklist.rst, after:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Windows
DLL
Blocklisting
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Overview
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
There
are
many
applications
which
interact
with
another
application
which
means
they
run
their
code
as
a
DLL
in
a
different
process
.
This
technique
is
used
for
example
when
an
antivirus
software
tries
to
monitor
/
block
navigation
to
a
malicious
website
or
a
screen
reader
tries
to
access
UI
parts
.
If
such
an
application
injects
their
code
into
Firefox
and
if
there
is
a
bug
in
their
code
running
in
our
firefox
.
exe
it
will
emerge
as
Firefox
s
bug
even
though
it
s
not
.
Firefox
for
Windows
has
a
feature
to
prevent
DLLs
from
being
loaded
into
our
processes
.
If
we
are
aware
that
a
particular
DLL
causes
a
problem
in
our
processes
such
as
a
crash
or
performance
degradation
we
can
stop
the
problem
by
blocking
the
DLL
from
being
loaded
.
This
blocklist
is
about
a
third
-
party
application
which
runs
outside
Firefox
but
interacts
with
Firefox
.
For
add
-
ons
there
is
a
different
process
<
https
:
/
/
extensionworkshop
.
com
/
documentation
/
publish
/
add
-
ons
-
blocking
-
process
/
>
_
.
This
page
explains
how
to
request
to
block
a
DLL
which
you
think
we
should
block
it
as
well
as
technical
details
about
the
feature
.
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Two
types
of
blocklists
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
There
are
two
types
of
blocklists
in
Firefox
:
1
.
A
static
blocklist
that
is
compiled
in
to
Firefox
.
This
consists
of
DLLs
known
to
cause
problems
with
Firefox
and
this
blocklist
cannot
be
disabled
by
the
user
.
For
more
information
and
instructions
on
how
to
add
a
new
DLL
to
this
list
see
:
ref
:
Process
for
blocking
a
DLL
in
the
static
blocklist
<
how
-
to
-
block
-
dll
-
in
-
static
-
blocklist
>
below
.
2
.
A
dynamic
blocklist
that
users
can
use
to
block
DLLs
that
are
giving
them
problems
.
This
was
added
in
bug
1744362
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1744362
>
_
.
The
static
blocklist
has
ways
to
specify
if
only
certain
versions
of
a
DLL
should
be
blocked
or
only
for
certain
Firefox
processes
etc
.
The
dynamic
blocklist
does
not
have
this
capability
;
if
a
DLL
is
on
the
list
it
will
always
be
blocked
.
Regardless
of
which
blocklist
the
DLL
is
on
if
it
meets
the
criteria
for
being
blocked
Firefox
uses
the
same
mechanism
to
block
it
.
There
are
more
details
below
in
:
ref
:
How
the
blocklist
blocks
a
DLL
<
how
-
the
-
blocklist
-
blocks
-
a
-
dll
>
.
.
.
_how
-
to
-
block
-
dll
-
in
-
static
-
blocklist
:
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Process
for
blocking
a
DLL
in
the
static
blocklist
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
But
wait
should
we
really
block
it
?
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Blocking
a
DLL
with
the
static
blocklist
should
be
our
last
resort
to
fix
a
problem
because
doing
it
normally
breaks
functionality
of
an
application
which
installed
the
DLL
.
If
there
is
another
option
we
should
always
go
for
it
.
Sometimes
we
can
safely
bypass
a
third
-
party
s
problem
by
changing
our
code
even
though
its
root
cause
is
not
on
our
side
.
When
we
decide
to
block
it
we
must
be
certain
that
the
issue
at
hand
is
so
great
that
it
outweighs
the
user
'
s
choice
to
install
the
software
the
utility
it
provides
and
the
vendor
'
s
freedom
to
distribute
and
control
their
software
.
How
to
request
to
block
a
DLL
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Our
codebase
has
the
file
named
WindowsDllBlocklistDefs
.
in
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
xre
/
dllservices
/
mozglue
/
WindowsDllBlocklistDefs
.
in
>
_
from
which
our
build
process
generates
DLL
blocklists
as
C
+
+
header
files
and
compiles
them
.
To
block
a
new
DLL
you
create
a
patch
to
update
WindowsDllBlocklistDefs
.
in
and
land
it
on
our
codebase
following
our
standard
development
process
.
Moreover
you
need
to
fill
out
a
form
specific
to
the
DLL
blockling
request
so
that
reviewers
can
review
the
impact
and
risk
as
well
as
the
patch
itself
.
Here
are
the
steps
:
1
.
File
a
bug
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
enter_bug
.
cgi
?
format
=
__default__
&
bug_type
=
defect
&
product
=
Toolkit
&
component
=
Blocklist
%
20Policy
%
20Requests
&
op_sys
=
Windows
&
short_desc
=
DLL
%
20block
%
20request
%
3A
%
20
%
3CDLL
%
20name
%
3E
&
comment
=
Please
%
20go
%
20through
%
20https
%
3A
%
2F
%
2Fwiki
.
mozilla
.
org
%
2FBlocklisting
%
2FDLL
%
20before
%
20filing
%
20a
%
20new
%
20bug
.
>
_
if
it
does
not
exist
.
2
.
Answer
all
the
questions
in
this
questionnaire
<
https
:
/
/
msmania
.
github
.
io
/
assets
/
mozilla
/
third
-
party
-
modules
/
questionnaire
.
txt
>
_
and
attach
it
to
the
bug
as
a
plaintext
.
3
.
Make
a
patch
and
start
a
code
review
via
Phabricator
as
usual
.
How
to
edit
WindowsDllBlocklistDefs
.
in
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
WindowsDllBlocklistDefs
.
in
defines
several
variables
as
a
Python
Array
.
When
you
add
a
new
entry
in
the
blocklists
you
pick
one
of
the
variables
and
add
an
entry
in
the
following
syntax
:
Syntax
*
*
*
*
*
*
:
:
Variable
+
=
[
.
.
.
#
One
-
liner
comment
including
a
bug
number
EntryType
(
Name
Version
Flags
)
.
.
.
]
Parameters
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Parameter
|
Value
|
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
|
Variable
|
ALL_PROCESSES
\
|
BROWSER_PROCESS
\
|
CHILD_PROCESSES
\
|
GMPLUGIN_PROCESSES
\
|
|
|
|
GPU_PROCESSES
\
|
SOCKET_PROCESSES
\
|
UTILITY_PROCESSES
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
EntryType
|
DllBlocklistEntry
\
|
A11yBlocklistEntry
\
|
RedirectToNoOpEntryPoint
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Name
|
A
case
-
insensitive
string
representing
a
DLL
'
s
filename
to
block
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Version
|
One
of
the
following
formats
:
|
|
|
|
|
|
-
ALL_VERSIONS
\
|
UNVERSIONED
|
|
|
-
A
tuple
consisting
of
four
digits
|
|
|
-
A
32
-
bit
integer
representing
a
Unix
timestamp
with
PETimeStamp
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Flags
|
BLOCK_WIN8_AND_OLDER
\
|
BLOCK_WIN7_AND_OLDER
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
Variable
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
Choose
one
of
the
following
predefined
variables
.
-
*
*
ALL_PROCESSES
*
*
:
DLLs
defined
here
are
blocked
in
BROWSER_PROCESS
+
CHILD_PROCESSES
-
*
*
BROWSER_PROCESS
*
*
:
DLLs
defined
here
are
blocked
in
the
browser
process
-
*
*
CHILD_PROCESSES
*
*
:
DLLs
defined
here
are
blocked
in
non
-
browser
processes
-
*
*
GMPLUGIN_PROCESSES
*
*
:
DLLs
defined
here
are
blocked
in
GMPlugin
processes
-
*
*
GPU_PROCESSES
*
*
:
DLLs
defined
here
are
blocked
in
GPU
processes
-
*
*
SOCKET_PROCESSES
*
*
:
DLLs
defined
here
are
blocked
in
socket
processes
-
*
*
UTILITY_PROCESSES
*
*
:
DLLs
defined
here
are
blocked
in
utility
processes
EntryType
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
Choose
one
of
the
following
predefined
EntryTypes
.
-
*
*
DllBlocklistEntry
*
*
:
Use
this
EntryType
unless
your
case
matches
the
other
EntryTypes
.
-
*
*
A11yBlocklistEntry
*
*
:
If
you
want
to
block
a
module
only
when
it
s
loaded
by
an
accessibility
application
such
as
a
screen
reader
you
can
use
this
EntryType
.
-
*
*
RedirectToNoOpEntryPoint
*
*
:
If
a
modules
is
injected
via
Import
Directory
Table
adding
the
module
as
DllBlocklistEntry
breaks
process
launch
meaning
DllBlocklistEntry
is
not
an
option
.
You
can
use
RedirectToNoOpEntryPoint
instead
.
Name
*
*
*
*
A
case
-
insensitive
string
representing
a
DLL
'
s
filename
to
block
.
Don
t
include
a
directory
name
.
Version
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
A
maximum
version
to
be
blocked
.
If
you
specify
a
value
a
module
with
the
specified
version
older
versions
and
a
module
with
no
version
are
blocked
.
|
If
you
want
to
block
a
module
regardless
of
its
version
use
ALL_VERSIONS
.
|
If
you
want
to
block
a
module
with
no
version
use
UNVERSIONED
.
To
specify
a
version
you
can
use
either
of
the
following
formats
:
-
|
A
tuple
consisting
of
four
digits
.
This
is
compared
to
the
version
that
is
embedded
in
a
DLL
as
a
version
resource
.
|
Example
:
(
1
2
3
4
)
-
|
A
32
-
bit
integer
representing
a
Unix
timestamp
with
PETimeStamp
.
This
is
compared
to
an
integer
of
IMAGE_FILE_HEADER
:
:
TimeDateStamp
.
|
Example
:
PETimeStamp
(
0x12345678
)
Flags
*
*
*
*
*
If
you
know
a
problem
happens
only
on
older
Windows
versions
you
can
use
one
of
the
following
flags
to
narrow
down
the
affected
platform
.
-
BLOCK_WIN8_AND_OLDER
-
BLOCK_WIN7_AND_OLDER
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Technical
details
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
.
.
_how
-
the
-
blocklist
-
blocks
-
a
-
dll
:
How
the
blocklist
blocks
a
DLL
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Briefly
speaking
we
make
ntdll
!
NtMapViewOfSection
return
STATUS_ACCESS_DENIED
if
a
given
module
is
on
the
blocklist
thereby
a
third
-
party
s
code
or
even
Firefox
s
legitimate
code
which
tries
to
load
a
DLL
in
our
processes
in
any
way
such
as
LoadLibrary
API
fails
and
receives
an
access
-
denied
error
.
Cases
where
we
should
not
block
a
module
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
As
our
blocklist
works
as
explained
above
there
are
the
cases
where
we
should
not
block
a
module
.
-
|
A
module
is
loaded
via
Import
Directory
Table
<
https
:
/
/
docs
.
microsoft
.
com
/
en
-
us
/
windows
/
win32
/
debug
/
pe
-
format
#
import
-
directory
-
table
>
_
|
Blocking
this
type
of
module
blocks
even
a
process
from
launching
.
You
may
be
able
to
block
this
type
of
module
with
RedirectToNoOpEntryPoint
.
-
|
A
module
is
loaded
as
a
Layered
Service
Provider
<
https
:
/
/
docs
.
microsoft
.
com
/
en
-
us
/
windows
/
win32
/
winsock
/
categorizing
-
layered
-
service
-
providers
-
and
-
applications
>
_
|
Blocking
this
type
of
module
on
Windows
8
or
newer
breaks
networking
.
Blocking
a
LSP
on
Windows
7
is
ok
.
(
we
used
to
have
to
avoid
blocking
modules
loaded
via
a
Window
hook
<
https
:
/
/
docs
.
microsoft
.
com
/
en
-
us
/
windows
/
win32
/
winmsg
/
hooks
>
_
because
blocking
this
type
of
module
would
cause
repetitive
attempts
to
load
a
module
resulting
in
slow
performance
like
Bug
1633718
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1633718
>
_
but
this
should
be
fixed
as
of
Bug
1823412
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1823412
>
_
.
)
Third
-
party
-
module
ping
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
We
re
collecting
the
:
ref
:
third
-
party
-
module
ping
<
third
-
party
-
modules
-
ping
>
which
captures
a
moment
when
a
third
-
party
module
is
loaded
into
the
Browser
/
Tab
/
RDD
process
.
As
it
s
asked
in
the
request
form
it
s
important
to
check
the
third
-
party
-
module
ping
and
see
whether
a
module
we
want
to
block
appears
in
the
ping
or
not
.
If
it
appears
you
may
be
able
to
know
how
a
module
is
loaded
by
looking
at
a
callstack
in
the
ping
.
How
to
view
callstacks
in
the
ping
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
1
.
You
can
run
a
query
on
BigQuery
console
or
STMO
.
(
BigQuery
console
is
much
faster
and
can
handle
larger
data
.
)
-
BigQuery
console
(
visit
here
<
https
:
/
/
docs
.
telemetry
.
mozilla
.
org
/
cookbooks
/
bigquery
.
html
#
gcp
-
bigquery
-
console
>
_
to
request
access
)
:
https
:
/
/
console
.
cloud
.
google
.
com
/
bigquery
-
STMO
:
https
:
/
/
sql
.
telemetry
.
mozilla
.
org
/
2
.
Make
your
own
query
based
on
this
template
<
https
:
/
/
msmania
.
github
.
io
/
assets
/
mozilla
/
third
-
party
-
modules
/
query
-
template
.
txt
>
_
.
3
.
Run
the
query
.
4
.
Save
the
result
as
a
JSON
file
.
-
In
BigQuery
console
click
[
SAVE
RESULTS
]
and
choose
[
JSON
(
local
file
)
]
.
-
In
STMO
click
[
.
.
.
]
at
the
right
-
top
corner
and
select
[
Show
API
Key
]
then
you
can
download
a
JSON
from
a
URL
shown
in
the
[
Results
in
JSON
format
]
.
5
.
|
Go
to
https
:
/
/
msmania
.
github
.
io
/
assets
/
mozilla
/
third
-
party
-
modules
/
|
(
A
temporal
link
.
Need
to
find
a
permanent
place
.
)
6
.
Click
[
Upload
JSON
]
and
select
the
file
you
saved
at
the
step
4
.
7
.
Click
a
row
in
the
table
to
view
a
callstack
How
to
see
the
versions
of
a
specific
module
in
the
ping
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
You
can
use
this
template
query
<
https
:
/
/
msmania
.
github
.
io
/
assets
/
mozilla
/
third
-
party
-
modules
/
query
-
groupby
-
template
.
txt
>
_
to
query
which
versions
of
a
specific
module
are
captured
in
the
ping
.
This
tells
the
product
versions
which
are
actively
used
including
the
crashing
versions
and
the
working
versions
.
You
can
also
get
the
crashing
versions
by
querying
the
crash
reports
or
the
Socorro
table
.
Having
two
version
lists
you
can
decide
whether
you
can
specify
the
Version
parameter
in
a
blocklist
entry
.
Initialization
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
In
order
to
have
the
most
effective
blocking
of
DLLs
the
blocklist
is
initialized
very
early
during
browser
startup
.
If
the
:
ref
:
launcher
process
<
launcher
-
process
>
is
available
the
steps
are
:
-
Launcher
process
loads
dynamic
blocklist
from
disk
(
see
DynamicBlocklist
:
:
LoadFile
(
)
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
search
?
q
=
DynamicBlocklist
%
3A
%
3ALoadFile
&
path
=
&
case
=
false
&
regexp
=
false
>
_
)
-
Launcher
process
puts
dynamic
blocklist
data
in
shared
section
(
see
SharedSection
:
:
AddBlocklist
(
)
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
search
?
q
=
SharedSection
%
3A
%
3AAddBlocklist
&
path
=
&
case
=
false
&
regexp
=
false
>
_
)
-
Launcher
process
creates
the
browser
process
in
a
suspended
mode
sets
up
its
dynamic
blocklist
then
starts
it
.
(
see
LauncherMain
(
)
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
search
?
q
=
LauncherMain
&
path
=
&
case
=
false
&
regexp
=
false
>
_
)
-
This
is
so
(
ideally
)
no
DLLs
can
be
injected
before
the
blocklist
is
set
up
.
If
the
launcher
process
is
not
available
a
different
blocklist
is
used
defined
in
mozglue
/
WindowsDllBlocklist
.
cpp
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
xre
/
dllservices
/
mozglue
/
WindowsDllBlocklist
.
cpp
>
_
.
This
code
does
not
currently
support
the
dynamic
blocklist
.
This
is
intended
to
only
be
used
in
testing
and
other
non
-
deployed
scenarios
so
this
shouldn
'
t
be
a
problem
for
users
.
Note
that
the
mozglue
blocklist
also
has
a
feature
to
block
threads
that
start
in
LoadLibrary
and
variants
.
This
code
is
currently
only
turned
on
in
Nightly
builds
because
it
breaks
some
third
-
party
DLP
products
.
Dynamic
blocklist
file
location
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Because
the
blocklist
is
loaded
so
early
during
startup
we
don
'
t
have
access
to
what
profile
is
going
to
be
loaded
so
the
blocklist
file
can
'
t
be
stored
there
.
Instead
by
default
the
blocklist
file
is
stored
in
the
Windows
user
'
s
roaming
app
data
directory
specifically
<
Roaming
AppData
directory
>
\
Mozilla
\
Firefox
\
blocklist
-
<
install
hash
>
Note
that
the
install
hash
here
is
what
is
returned
by
GetInstallHash
(
)
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
mozapps
/
update
/
common
/
commonupdatedir
.
cpp
#
404
>
_
and
is
suitable
for
uniquely
identifying
the
particular
Firefox
installation
that
is
running
.
On
first
launch
this
location
will
be
written
to
the
registry
and
can
be
overriden
by
setting
that
key
to
a
different
file
location
.
The
registry
key
is
HKEY_CURRENT_USER
\
Software
\
Mozilla
\
Firefox
\
Launcher
and
the
name
is
the
full
path
to
firefox
.
exe
with
"
\
|
Blocklist
"
appended
.
This
code
is
in
LauncherRegistryInfo
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
xre
/
LauncherRegistryInfo
.
cpp
>
_
.
Adding
to
and
removing
from
the
dynamic
blocklist
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Users
can
add
or
remove
DLLs
from
the
dynamic
blocklist
by
navigating
to
about
:
third
-
party
finding
the
entry
for
the
DLL
they
are
interested
in
and
clicking
on
the
dash
icon
.
They
will
then
be
prompted
to
restart
the
browser
as
the
change
will
only
take
effect
after
the
browser
restarts
.
Disabling
the
dynamic
blocklist
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
It
is
possible
that
users
can
get
Firefox
into
a
bad
state
by
putting
a
DLL
on
the
dynamic
blocklist
.
One
possibility
is
that
the
user
blocks
only
one
of
a
set
of
DLLs
that
interact
which
could
make
Firefox
behave
in
unpredictable
ways
or
crash
.
By
launching
Firefox
with
-
-
disableDynamicBlocklist
\
the
dynamic
blocklist
will
be
loaded
but
not
used
to
block
DLLs
.
This
lets
the
user
go
to
about
:
third
-
party
and
attempt
to
fix
the
problem
by
unblocking
or
blocking
DLLs
.
Similarly
in
safe
mode
the
dynamic
blocklist
is
also
disabled
.
Enterprise
policy
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
dynamic
blocklist
can
be
disabled
by
setting
a
registry
key
at
HKEY_CURRENT_USER
\
Software
\
Policies
\
Mozilla
\
Firefox
with
a
name
of
DisableThirdPartyModuleBlocking
and
a
DWORD
value
of
1
.
This
will
have
the
effect
of
not
loading
the
dynamic
blocklist
and
no
icons
will
show
up
in
about
:
third
-
party
to
allow
blocking
DLLs
.
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Contact
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Any
questions
or
feedback
are
welcome
!
*
*
Matrix
*
*
:
#
hardening
<
https
:
/
/
app
.
element
.
io
/
#
/
room
/
#
hardening
:
mozilla
.
org
>
_
