browser/docs/DirectoryLinksProvider.rst, before:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Directory
Links
Architecture
and
Data
Formats
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Directory
links
are
enhancements
to
the
new
tab
experience
that
combine
content
Firefox
already
knows
about
from
user
browsing
with
external
content
.
There
are
3
kinds
of
links
:
-
directory
links
fill
in
additional
tiles
on
the
new
tab
page
if
there
would
have
been
empty
tiles
because
the
user
has
a
clean
profile
or
cleared
history
-
suggested
links
are
shown
if
certain
triggering
criteria
matches
the
user
'
s
browsing
behavior
i
.
e
.
if
the
user
has
a
top
site
that
matches
one
of
several
possible
sites
.
E
.
g
.
only
show
a
sports
suggestion
if
the
user
has
a
sport
site
as
a
top
site
-
enhanced
links
replace
a
matching
user
'
s
visible
history
tile
from
the
same
site
but
only
the
visual
aspects
:
title
image
and
rollover
image
To
power
the
above
features
DirectoryLinksProvider
module
downloads
at
most
once
per
24
hours
the
directory
source
links
as
JSON
with
enough
data
for
Firefox
to
determine
what
should
be
shown
or
not
.
This
module
also
handles
reporting
back
data
about
the
tiles
via
asynchronous
pings
that
don
'
t
return
data
from
the
server
.
For
the
directory
source
and
ping
endpoints
the
default
preference
values
point
to
Mozilla
key
-
pinned
servers
with
encryption
.
No
cookies
are
set
by
the
servers
and
Firefox
enforces
this
by
making
anonymous
requests
.
-
default
directory
source
endpoint
:
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
v3
/
links
/
fetch
/
%
LOCALE
%
/
%
CHANNEL
%
-
default
directory
ping
endpoint
:
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
v3
/
links
/
Preferences
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
There
are
two
main
preferences
that
control
downloading
links
and
reporting
metrics
.
browser
.
newtabpage
.
directory
.
source
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
This
endpoint
tells
Firefox
where
to
download
directory
source
file
as
a
GET
request
.
It
should
return
JSON
of
the
appropriate
format
containing
the
relevant
links
data
.
The
value
can
be
a
data
URI
e
.
g
.
an
empty
JSON
object
effectively
turns
off
remote
downloading
:
data
:
text
/
plain
{
}
The
preference
value
will
have
%
LOCALE
%
and
%
CHANNEL
%
replaced
by
the
appropriate
values
for
the
build
of
Firefox
e
.
g
.
-
directory
source
endpoint
:
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
v3
/
links
/
fetch
/
en
-
US
/
release
browser
.
newtabpage
.
directory
.
ping
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
This
endpoint
tells
Firefox
where
to
report
Tiles
metrics
as
a
POST
request
.
The
data
is
sent
as
a
JSON
blob
.
Setting
it
to
empty
effectively
turns
off
reporting
of
Tiles
data
.
A
path
segment
will
be
appended
to
the
endpoint
of
"
view
"
or
"
click
"
depending
on
the
type
of
ping
e
.
g
.
-
view
ping
endpoint
:
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
v3
/
links
/
view
-
click
ping
endpoint
:
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
v3
/
links
/
click
Data
Flow
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
When
Firefox
starts
it
checks
for
a
cached
directory
source
file
.
If
one
exists
it
checks
for
its
timestamp
to
determine
if
a
new
file
should
be
downloaded
.
If
a
directory
source
file
needs
to
be
downloaded
a
GET
request
is
made
then
cacheed
and
unpacked
the
JSON
into
the
different
types
of
links
.
Various
checks
filter
out
invalid
links
e
.
g
.
those
with
http
-
hosted
images
or
those
that
don
'
t
fit
the
allowed
suggestions
.
When
a
new
tab
page
is
built
DirectoryLinksProvider
module
provides
additional
link
data
that
is
combined
with
history
link
data
to
determine
which
links
can
be
displayed
or
not
.
When
a
new
tab
page
is
shown
a
view
ping
is
sent
with
relevant
tiles
data
.
Similarly
when
the
user
clicks
on
various
parts
of
tiles
(
to
load
the
page
pin
block
etc
.
)
a
click
ping
is
sent
with
similar
data
.
Both
of
these
can
trigger
downloading
of
fresh
directory
source
links
if
24
hours
have
elapsed
since
last
download
.
Users
can
turn
off
the
ping
with
in
-
new
-
tab
-
page
controls
.
As
the
new
tab
page
is
rendered
any
images
for
tiles
are
downloaded
if
not
already
cached
.
The
default
servers
hosting
the
images
are
Mozilla
CDN
that
don
'
t
use
cookies
:
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
cdn
.
mozilla
.
net
/
Source
JSON
Format
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Firefox
expects
links
data
in
a
JSON
object
with
top
level
keys
each
providing
an
array
of
tile
objects
.
The
keys
correspond
to
the
different
types
of
links
:
directory
suggested
and
enhanced
.
Example
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Below
is
an
example
directory
source
file
:
:
{
"
directory
"
:
[
{
"
bgColor
"
:
"
"
"
directoryId
"
:
498
"
enhancedImageURI
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
cdn
.
mozilla
.
net
/
images
/
d11ba0b3095bb19d8092cd29be9cbb9e197671ea
.
28088
.
png
"
"
imageURI
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
cdn
.
mozilla
.
net
/
images
/
1332a68badf11e3f7f69bf7364e79c0a7e2753bc
.
5316
.
png
"
"
title
"
:
"
Mozilla
Community
"
"
type
"
:
"
affiliate
"
"
url
"
:
"
http
:
/
/
contribute
.
mozilla
.
org
/
"
}
]
"
enhanced
"
:
[
{
"
bgColor
"
:
"
"
"
directoryId
"
:
776
"
enhancedImageURI
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
cdn
.
mozilla
.
net
/
images
/
44a14fc405cebc299ead86514dff0e3735c8cf65
.
10814
.
png
"
"
imageURI
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
cdn
.
mozilla
.
net
/
images
/
20e24aa2219ec7542cc8cf0fd79f0c81e16ebeac
.
11859
.
png
"
"
title
"
:
"
TurboTax
"
"
type
"
:
"
sponsored
"
"
url
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
turbotax
.
intuit
.
com
/
"
}
]
"
suggested
"
:
[
{
"
adgroup_name
"
:
"
open
-
source
browser
"
"
bgColor
"
:
"
#
cae1f4
"
"
directoryId
"
:
702
"
explanation
"
:
"
Suggested
for
%
1
S
enthusiasts
who
visit
sites
like
%
2
S
"
"
frecent_sites
"
:
[
"
addons
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
air
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
blog
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
etherpad
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
hacks
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
mozilla
.
org
"
"
planet
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
quality
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
support
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
treeherder
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
"
]
"
frequency_caps
"
:
{
"
daily
"
:
3
"
total
"
:
10
}
"
imageURI
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
cdn
.
mozilla
.
net
/
images
/
9ee2b265678f2775de2e4bf680df600b502e6038
.
3875
.
png
"
"
time_limits
"
:
{
"
start
"
:
"
2014
-
01
-
01T00
:
00
:
00
.
000Z
"
"
end
"
:
"
2014
-
02
-
01T00
:
00
:
00
.
000Z
"
}
"
title
"
:
"
Thanks
for
testing
!
"
"
type
"
:
"
affiliate
"
"
url
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
www
.
mozilla
.
com
/
firefox
/
tiles
"
}
]
}
Link
Object
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Each
link
object
has
various
values
that
Firefox
uses
to
display
a
tile
:
-
url
-
string
url
for
the
page
to
be
loaded
when
the
tile
is
clicked
.
Only
https
and
http
URLs
are
allowed
.
-
title
-
string
that
appears
below
the
tile
.
-
type
-
string
relationship
of
the
link
to
Mozilla
.
Expected
values
:
affiliate
organic
sponsored
.
-
imageURI
-
string
url
for
the
tile
image
to
show
.
Only
https
and
data
URIs
are
allowed
.
-
enhancedImageURI
-
string
url
for
the
image
to
be
shown
before
the
user
hovers
.
Only
https
and
data
URIs
are
allowed
.
-
bgColor
-
string
css
color
for
additional
fill
background
color
.
-
directoryId
-
id
of
the
tile
to
be
used
during
ping
reporting
Suggested
Link
Object
Extras
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
A
suggested
link
has
additional
values
:
-
adgroup_name
-
string
to
override
the
hardcoded
display
name
of
the
triggering
set
of
sites
in
Firefox
.
-
explanation
-
string
to
override
the
default
explanation
that
appears
below
a
Suggested
Tile
.
%
1
S
is
replaced
by
the
triggering
adgroup
name
and
%
2
S
is
replaced
by
the
triggering
site
.
-
frecent_sites
-
array
of
strings
of
the
sites
that
can
trigger
showing
a
Suggested
Tile
if
the
user
has
the
site
in
one
of
the
top
100
most
-
frecent
pages
.
Only
preapproved
array
of
strings
that
are
hardcoded
into
the
DirectoryLinksProvider
module
are
allowed
.
-
frequency_caps
-
an
object
consisting
of
daily
and
total
frequency
caps
that
limit
the
number
of
times
a
Suggested
Tile
can
be
shown
in
the
new
tab
per
day
and
overall
.
-
time_limits
-
an
object
consisting
of
start
and
end
timestamps
specifying
when
a
Suggested
Tile
may
start
and
has
to
stop
showing
in
the
newtab
.
The
timestamp
is
expected
in
ISO_8601
format
:
'
2014
-
01
-
10T20
:
00
:
00
.
000Z
'
The
preapproved
arrays
follow
a
policy
for
determining
what
topic
grouping
is
allowed
as
well
as
the
composition
of
a
grouping
.
The
topics
are
broad
uncontroversial
categories
e
.
g
.
Mobile
Phone
News
Technology
Video
Game
Web
Development
.
There
are
at
least
5
sites
within
a
grouping
and
as
many
popular
sites
relevant
to
the
topic
are
included
to
avoid
having
one
site
be
clearly
dominant
.
These
requirements
provide
some
deniability
of
which
site
actually
triggered
a
suggestion
during
ping
reporting
so
it
'
s
more
difficult
to
determine
if
a
user
has
gone
to
a
specific
site
.
Ping
JSON
Format
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Firefox
reports
back
an
action
and
the
state
of
tiles
on
the
new
tab
page
based
on
the
user
opening
a
new
tab
or
clicking
a
tile
.
The
top
level
keys
of
the
ping
:
-
locale
-
string
locale
of
the
Firefox
build
-
tiles
-
array
of
tiles
ping
objects
An
additional
key
at
the
top
level
indicates
which
action
triggered
the
ping
.
The
value
associated
to
the
action
key
is
the
0
-
based
index
into
the
tiles
array
of
which
tile
triggered
the
action
.
Valid
actions
:
block
click
pin
sponsored
sponsored_link
unpin
view
.
E
.
g
.
if
the
second
tile
is
being
clicked
the
ping
will
have
"
click
"
:
1
Example
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Below
is
an
example
click
ping
with
3
tiles
:
a
pinned
suggested
tile
followed
by
a
history
tile
and
a
directory
tile
.
The
first
tile
is
being
blocked
:
:
{
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
tiles
"
:
[
{
"
id
"
:
702
"
pin
"
:
1
}
{
}
{
"
id
"
:
498
}
]
"
block
"
:
0
}
Tiles
Ping
Object
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Each
tile
of
the
new
tab
page
is
reported
back
as
part
of
the
ping
with
some
or
none
of
the
following
optional
values
:
-
id
-
id
that
was
provided
as
part
of
the
downloaded
link
object
(
for
all
types
of
links
:
directory
suggested
enhanced
)
;
not
present
if
the
tile
was
created
from
user
behavior
e
.
g
.
visiting
pages
-
pinned
-
1
if
the
tile
is
pinned
;
not
present
otherwise
-
pos
-
integer
position
if
the
tile
is
not
in
the
natural
order
e
.
g
.
a
pinned
tile
after
an
empty
slot
;
not
present
otherwise
-
score
-
integer
truncated
score
based
on
the
tile
'
s
frecency
;
not
present
if
0
-
url
-
empty
string
if
it
'
s
an
enhanced
tile
;
not
present
otherwise

Commit message:

Bug 1157810 - Enforce that tile images are loaded from mozilla.net [r=adw, f=bsmedberg]
UltraBlame original commit: a93f59b2e2221f273ffccedcfc5ce5218e7bb4b4

browser/docs/DirectoryLinksProvider.rst, after:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Directory
Links
Architecture
and
Data
Formats
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Directory
links
are
enhancements
to
the
new
tab
experience
that
combine
content
Firefox
already
knows
about
from
user
browsing
with
external
content
.
There
are
3
kinds
of
links
:
-
directory
links
fill
in
additional
tiles
on
the
new
tab
page
if
there
would
have
been
empty
tiles
because
the
user
has
a
clean
profile
or
cleared
history
-
suggested
links
are
shown
if
certain
triggering
criteria
matches
the
user
'
s
browsing
behavior
i
.
e
.
if
the
user
has
a
top
site
that
matches
one
of
several
possible
sites
.
E
.
g
.
only
show
a
sports
suggestion
if
the
user
has
a
sport
site
as
a
top
site
-
enhanced
links
replace
a
matching
user
'
s
visible
history
tile
from
the
same
site
but
only
the
visual
aspects
:
title
image
and
rollover
image
To
power
the
above
features
DirectoryLinksProvider
module
downloads
at
most
once
per
24
hours
the
directory
source
links
as
JSON
with
enough
data
for
Firefox
to
determine
what
should
be
shown
or
not
.
This
module
also
handles
reporting
back
data
about
the
tiles
via
asynchronous
pings
that
don
'
t
return
data
from
the
server
.
For
the
directory
source
and
ping
endpoints
the
default
preference
values
point
to
Mozilla
key
-
pinned
servers
with
encryption
.
No
cookies
are
set
by
the
servers
and
Firefox
enforces
this
by
making
anonymous
requests
.
-
default
directory
source
endpoint
:
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
v3
/
links
/
fetch
/
%
LOCALE
%
/
%
CHANNEL
%
-
default
directory
ping
endpoint
:
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
v3
/
links
/
Preferences
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
There
are
two
main
preferences
that
control
downloading
links
and
reporting
metrics
.
browser
.
newtabpage
.
directory
.
source
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
This
endpoint
tells
Firefox
where
to
download
directory
source
file
as
a
GET
request
.
It
should
return
JSON
of
the
appropriate
format
containing
the
relevant
links
data
.
The
value
can
be
a
data
URI
e
.
g
.
an
empty
JSON
object
effectively
turns
off
remote
downloading
:
data
:
text
/
plain
{
}
The
preference
value
will
have
%
LOCALE
%
and
%
CHANNEL
%
replaced
by
the
appropriate
values
for
the
build
of
Firefox
e
.
g
.
-
directory
source
endpoint
:
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
v3
/
links
/
fetch
/
en
-
US
/
release
browser
.
newtabpage
.
directory
.
ping
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
This
endpoint
tells
Firefox
where
to
report
Tiles
metrics
as
a
POST
request
.
The
data
is
sent
as
a
JSON
blob
.
Setting
it
to
empty
effectively
turns
off
reporting
of
Tiles
data
.
A
path
segment
will
be
appended
to
the
endpoint
of
"
view
"
or
"
click
"
depending
on
the
type
of
ping
e
.
g
.
-
view
ping
endpoint
:
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
v3
/
links
/
view
-
click
ping
endpoint
:
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
v3
/
links
/
click
Data
Flow
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
When
Firefox
starts
it
checks
for
a
cached
directory
source
file
.
If
one
exists
it
checks
for
its
timestamp
to
determine
if
a
new
file
should
be
downloaded
.
If
a
directory
source
file
needs
to
be
downloaded
a
GET
request
is
made
then
cacheed
and
unpacked
the
JSON
into
the
different
types
of
links
.
Various
checks
filter
out
invalid
links
e
.
g
.
those
with
http
-
hosted
images
or
those
that
don
'
t
fit
the
allowed
suggestions
.
When
a
new
tab
page
is
built
DirectoryLinksProvider
module
provides
additional
link
data
that
is
combined
with
history
link
data
to
determine
which
links
can
be
displayed
or
not
.
When
a
new
tab
page
is
shown
a
view
ping
is
sent
with
relevant
tiles
data
.
Similarly
when
the
user
clicks
on
various
parts
of
tiles
(
to
load
the
page
pin
block
etc
.
)
a
click
ping
is
sent
with
similar
data
.
Both
of
these
can
trigger
downloading
of
fresh
directory
source
links
if
24
hours
have
elapsed
since
last
download
.
Users
can
turn
off
the
ping
with
in
-
new
-
tab
-
page
controls
.
As
the
new
tab
page
is
rendered
any
images
for
tiles
are
downloaded
if
not
already
cached
.
The
default
servers
hosting
the
images
are
Mozilla
CDN
that
don
'
t
use
cookies
:
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
cdn
.
mozilla
.
net
/
and
Firefox
enforces
that
the
images
come
from
mozilla
.
net
or
data
URIs
when
using
the
default
directory
source
.
Source
JSON
Format
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Firefox
expects
links
data
in
a
JSON
object
with
top
level
keys
each
providing
an
array
of
tile
objects
.
The
keys
correspond
to
the
different
types
of
links
:
directory
suggested
and
enhanced
.
Example
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Below
is
an
example
directory
source
file
:
:
{
"
directory
"
:
[
{
"
bgColor
"
:
"
"
"
directoryId
"
:
498
"
enhancedImageURI
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
cdn
.
mozilla
.
net
/
images
/
d11ba0b3095bb19d8092cd29be9cbb9e197671ea
.
28088
.
png
"
"
imageURI
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
cdn
.
mozilla
.
net
/
images
/
1332a68badf11e3f7f69bf7364e79c0a7e2753bc
.
5316
.
png
"
"
title
"
:
"
Mozilla
Community
"
"
type
"
:
"
affiliate
"
"
url
"
:
"
http
:
/
/
contribute
.
mozilla
.
org
/
"
}
]
"
enhanced
"
:
[
{
"
bgColor
"
:
"
"
"
directoryId
"
:
776
"
enhancedImageURI
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
cdn
.
mozilla
.
net
/
images
/
44a14fc405cebc299ead86514dff0e3735c8cf65
.
10814
.
png
"
"
imageURI
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
cdn
.
mozilla
.
net
/
images
/
20e24aa2219ec7542cc8cf0fd79f0c81e16ebeac
.
11859
.
png
"
"
title
"
:
"
TurboTax
"
"
type
"
:
"
sponsored
"
"
url
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
turbotax
.
intuit
.
com
/
"
}
]
"
suggested
"
:
[
{
"
adgroup_name
"
:
"
open
-
source
browser
"
"
bgColor
"
:
"
#
cae1f4
"
"
directoryId
"
:
702
"
explanation
"
:
"
Suggested
for
%
1
S
enthusiasts
who
visit
sites
like
%
2
S
"
"
frecent_sites
"
:
[
"
addons
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
air
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
blog
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
etherpad
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
hacks
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
mozilla
.
org
"
"
planet
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
quality
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
support
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
treeherder
.
mozilla
.
org
"
"
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
"
]
"
frequency_caps
"
:
{
"
daily
"
:
3
"
total
"
:
10
}
"
imageURI
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
tiles
.
cdn
.
mozilla
.
net
/
images
/
9ee2b265678f2775de2e4bf680df600b502e6038
.
3875
.
png
"
"
time_limits
"
:
{
"
start
"
:
"
2014
-
01
-
01T00
:
00
:
00
.
000Z
"
"
end
"
:
"
2014
-
02
-
01T00
:
00
:
00
.
000Z
"
}
"
title
"
:
"
Thanks
for
testing
!
"
"
type
"
:
"
affiliate
"
"
url
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
www
.
mozilla
.
com
/
firefox
/
tiles
"
}
]
}
Link
Object
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Each
link
object
has
various
values
that
Firefox
uses
to
display
a
tile
:
-
url
-
string
url
for
the
page
to
be
loaded
when
the
tile
is
clicked
.
Only
https
and
http
URLs
are
allowed
.
-
title
-
string
that
appears
below
the
tile
.
-
type
-
string
relationship
of
the
link
to
Mozilla
.
Expected
values
:
affiliate
organic
sponsored
.
-
imageURI
-
string
url
for
the
tile
image
to
show
.
Only
https
and
data
URIs
are
allowed
.
-
enhancedImageURI
-
string
url
for
the
image
to
be
shown
before
the
user
hovers
.
Only
https
and
data
URIs
are
allowed
.
-
bgColor
-
string
css
color
for
additional
fill
background
color
.
-
directoryId
-
id
of
the
tile
to
be
used
during
ping
reporting
Suggested
Link
Object
Extras
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
A
suggested
link
has
additional
values
:
-
adgroup_name
-
string
to
override
the
hardcoded
display
name
of
the
triggering
set
of
sites
in
Firefox
.
-
explanation
-
string
to
override
the
default
explanation
that
appears
below
a
Suggested
Tile
.
%
1
S
is
replaced
by
the
triggering
adgroup
name
and
%
2
S
is
replaced
by
the
triggering
site
.
-
frecent_sites
-
array
of
strings
of
the
sites
that
can
trigger
showing
a
Suggested
Tile
if
the
user
has
the
site
in
one
of
the
top
100
most
-
frecent
pages
.
Only
preapproved
array
of
strings
that
are
hardcoded
into
the
DirectoryLinksProvider
module
are
allowed
.
-
frequency_caps
-
an
object
consisting
of
daily
and
total
frequency
caps
that
limit
the
number
of
times
a
Suggested
Tile
can
be
shown
in
the
new
tab
per
day
and
overall
.
-
time_limits
-
an
object
consisting
of
start
and
end
timestamps
specifying
when
a
Suggested
Tile
may
start
and
has
to
stop
showing
in
the
newtab
.
The
timestamp
is
expected
in
ISO_8601
format
:
'
2014
-
01
-
10T20
:
00
:
00
.
000Z
'
The
preapproved
arrays
follow
a
policy
for
determining
what
topic
grouping
is
allowed
as
well
as
the
composition
of
a
grouping
.
The
topics
are
broad
uncontroversial
categories
e
.
g
.
Mobile
Phone
News
Technology
Video
Game
Web
Development
.
There
are
at
least
5
sites
within
a
grouping
and
as
many
popular
sites
relevant
to
the
topic
are
included
to
avoid
having
one
site
be
clearly
dominant
.
These
requirements
provide
some
deniability
of
which
site
actually
triggered
a
suggestion
during
ping
reporting
so
it
'
s
more
difficult
to
determine
if
a
user
has
gone
to
a
specific
site
.
Ping
JSON
Format
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Firefox
reports
back
an
action
and
the
state
of
tiles
on
the
new
tab
page
based
on
the
user
opening
a
new
tab
or
clicking
a
tile
.
The
top
level
keys
of
the
ping
:
-
locale
-
string
locale
of
the
Firefox
build
-
tiles
-
array
of
tiles
ping
objects
An
additional
key
at
the
top
level
indicates
which
action
triggered
the
ping
.
The
value
associated
to
the
action
key
is
the
0
-
based
index
into
the
tiles
array
of
which
tile
triggered
the
action
.
Valid
actions
:
block
click
pin
sponsored
sponsored_link
unpin
view
.
E
.
g
.
if
the
second
tile
is
being
clicked
the
ping
will
have
"
click
"
:
1
Example
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Below
is
an
example
click
ping
with
3
tiles
:
a
pinned
suggested
tile
followed
by
a
history
tile
and
a
directory
tile
.
The
first
tile
is
being
blocked
:
:
{
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
tiles
"
:
[
{
"
id
"
:
702
"
pin
"
:
1
}
{
}
{
"
id
"
:
498
}
]
"
block
"
:
0
}
Tiles
Ping
Object
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Each
tile
of
the
new
tab
page
is
reported
back
as
part
of
the
ping
with
some
or
none
of
the
following
optional
values
:
-
id
-
id
that
was
provided
as
part
of
the
downloaded
link
object
(
for
all
types
of
links
:
directory
suggested
enhanced
)
;
not
present
if
the
tile
was
created
from
user
behavior
e
.
g
.
visiting
pages
-
pinned
-
1
if
the
tile
is
pinned
;
not
present
otherwise
-
pos
-
integer
position
if
the
tile
is
not
in
the
natural
order
e
.
g
.
a
pinned
tile
after
an
empty
slot
;
not
present
otherwise
-
score
-
integer
truncated
score
based
on
the
tile
'
s
frecency
;
not
present
if
0
-
url
-
empty
string
if
it
'
s
an
enhanced
tile
;
not
present
otherwise
