gfx/wgpu/README.md, before:

This
is
an
active
GitHub
mirror
of
the
WebGPU
native
implementation
in
Rust
which
now
lives
in
[
Mozilla
-
central
]
(
https
:
/
/
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
)
.
Issues
and
pull
requests
are
accepted
but
we
merge
them
in
m
-
c
manually
and
then
sync
to
GitHub
instead
of
landing
directly
here
.
-
-
-
#
WebGPU
[
!
[
Build
Status
]
(
https
:
/
/
travis
-
ci
.
org
/
gfx
-
rs
/
wgpu
.
svg
)
]
(
https
:
/
/
travis
-
ci
.
org
/
gfx
-
rs
/
wgpu
)
[
!
[
Crates
.
io
]
(
https
:
/
/
img
.
shields
.
io
/
crates
/
v
/
wgpu
-
native
.
svg
?
label
=
wgpu
-
native
)
]
(
https
:
/
/
crates
.
io
/
crates
/
wgpu
-
native
)
[
!
[
Gitter
]
(
https
:
/
/
badges
.
gitter
.
im
/
gfx
-
rs
/
webgpu
.
svg
)
]
(
https
:
/
/
gitter
.
im
/
gfx
-
rs
/
webgpu
)
This
is
an
experimental
[
WebGPU
]
(
https
:
/
/
www
.
w3
.
org
/
community
/
gpu
/
)
implementation
as
a
native
static
library
.
It
'
s
written
in
Rust
and
is
based
on
[
gfx
-
hal
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
gfx
-
rs
/
gfx
)
and
[
Rendy
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
amethyst
/
rendy
)
libraries
.
The
corresponding
WebIDL
specification
can
be
found
at
[
gpuweb
project
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
gpuweb
/
gpuweb
/
blob
/
master
/
spec
/
index
.
bs
)
.
The
implementation
consists
of
the
following
parts
:
1
.
wgpu
-
native
-
the
native
implementation
of
WebGPU
as
a
C
API
library
2
.
wgpu
-
remote
-
remoting
layer
to
work
with
WebGPU
across
the
process
boundary
3
.
ffi
-
the
C
headers
generated
by
[
cbindgen
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
eqrion
/
cbindgen
)
for
both
of
the
libraries
#
#
Supported
Platforms
API
|
Windows
|
Linux
|
macOS
&
iOS
|
-
-
-
-
-
|
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
|
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
|
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
|
DX11
|
:
heavy_check_mark
:
|
|
|
DX12
|
:
heavy_check_mark
:
|
|
|
Vulkan
|
:
heavy_check_mark
:
|
:
heavy_check_mark
:
|
|
Metal
|
|
|
:
heavy_check_mark
:
|
OpenGL
|
|
|
|
#
#
Usage
This
repository
contains
C
-
language
examples
that
link
to
the
native
library
targets
and
perform
basic
rendering
and
computation
.
Please
refer
to
our
[
Getting
Started
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
gfx
-
rs
/
wgpu
/
wiki
/
Getting
-
Started
#
getting
-
started
)
page
at
the
wiki
for
more
information
.
Bindings
:
-
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
gfx
-
rs
/
wgpu
-
rs
-
idiomatic
Rust
wrapper
with
[
a
few
more
examples
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
gfx
-
rs
/
wgpu
-
rs
/
tree
/
master
/
examples
)
to
get
a
feel
of
the
API
-
https
:
/
/
nest
.
pijul
.
com
/
porky11
/
wgpu
-
experimental
[
Scopes
]
(
http
:
/
/
scopes
.
rocks
)
wrapper

Commit message:

Bug 1596128 - Update wgpu to the version that has a separate wgpu-core
https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu rev d08118b535a95755c29984e256cba205172acd95

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D54014

UltraBlame original commit: 4ed43cb9ccc5ab12fed4734eb9516f301d4d7147

gfx/wgpu/README.md, after:

This
is
an
active
GitHub
mirror
of
the
WebGPU
native
implementation
in
Rust
which
now
lives
in
[
Mozilla
-
central
]
(
https
:
/
/
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
)
.
Issues
and
pull
requests
are
accepted
but
we
merge
them
in
m
-
c
manually
and
then
sync
to
GitHub
instead
of
landing
directly
here
.
-
-
-
#
WebGPU
[
!
[
Build
Status
]
(
https
:
/
/
travis
-
ci
.
org
/
gfx
-
rs
/
wgpu
.
svg
)
]
(
https
:
/
/
travis
-
ci
.
org
/
gfx
-
rs
/
wgpu
)
[
!
[
Crates
.
io
]
(
https
:
/
/
img
.
shields
.
io
/
crates
/
v
/
wgpu
-
native
.
svg
?
label
=
wgpu
-
native
)
]
(
https
:
/
/
crates
.
io
/
crates
/
wgpu
-
native
)
[
!
[
Gitter
]
(
https
:
/
/
badges
.
gitter
.
im
/
gfx
-
rs
/
webgpu
.
svg
)
]
(
https
:
/
/
gitter
.
im
/
gfx
-
rs
/
webgpu
)
This
is
an
experimental
[
WebGPU
]
(
https
:
/
/
www
.
w3
.
org
/
community
/
gpu
/
)
implementation
as
a
native
static
library
.
It
'
s
written
in
Rust
and
is
based
on
[
gfx
-
hal
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
gfx
-
rs
/
gfx
)
and
[
Rendy
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
amethyst
/
rendy
)
libraries
.
The
corresponding
WebIDL
specification
can
be
found
at
[
gpuweb
project
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
gpuweb
/
gpuweb
/
blob
/
master
/
spec
/
index
.
bs
)
.
The
implementation
consists
of
the
following
parts
:
1
.
wgpu
-
core
-
internal
Rust
API
for
WebGPU
implementations
to
use
2
.
wgpu
-
native
-
the
native
implementation
of
WebGPU
as
a
C
API
library
3
.
wgpu
-
remote
-
remoting
layer
to
work
with
WebGPU
across
the
process
boundary
4
.
ffi
-
the
C
headers
generated
by
[
cbindgen
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
eqrion
/
cbindgen
)
for
both
of
the
libraries
#
#
Supported
Platforms
API
|
Windows
|
Linux
|
macOS
&
iOS
|
-
-
-
-
-
|
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
|
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
|
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
|
DX11
|
:
heavy_check_mark
:
|
|
|
DX12
|
:
heavy_check_mark
:
|
|
|
Vulkan
|
:
heavy_check_mark
:
|
:
heavy_check_mark
:
|
|
Metal
|
|
|
:
heavy_check_mark
:
|
OpenGL
|
|
|
|
#
#
Usage
This
repository
contains
C
-
language
examples
that
link
to
the
native
library
targets
and
perform
basic
rendering
and
computation
.
Please
refer
to
our
[
Getting
Started
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
gfx
-
rs
/
wgpu
/
wiki
/
Getting
-
Started
#
getting
-
started
)
page
at
the
wiki
for
more
information
.
Bindings
:
-
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
gfx
-
rs
/
wgpu
-
rs
-
idiomatic
Rust
wrapper
with
[
a
few
more
examples
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
gfx
-
rs
/
wgpu
-
rs
/
tree
/
master
/
examples
)
to
get
a
feel
of
the
API
-
https
:
/
/
nest
.
pijul
.
com
/
porky11
/
wgpu
-
experimental
[
Scopes
]
(
http
:
/
/
scopes
.
rocks
)
wrapper
