third_party/rust/libc/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

#
Contributing
to
libc
Welcome
!
If
you
are
reading
this
document
it
means
you
are
interested
in
contributing
to
the
libc
crate
.
#
#
Adding
an
API
Want
to
use
an
API
which
currently
isn
'
t
bound
in
libc
?
It
'
s
quite
easy
to
add
one
!
The
internal
structure
of
this
crate
is
designed
to
minimize
the
number
of
#
[
cfg
]
attributes
in
order
to
easily
be
able
to
add
new
items
which
apply
to
all
platforms
in
the
future
.
As
a
result
the
crate
is
organized
hierarchically
based
on
platform
.
Each
module
has
a
number
of
#
[
cfg
]
'
d
children
but
only
one
is
ever
actually
compiled
.
Each
module
then
reexports
all
the
contents
of
its
children
.
This
means
that
for
each
platform
that
libc
supports
the
path
from
a
leaf
module
to
the
root
will
contain
all
bindings
for
the
platform
in
question
.
Consequently
this
indicates
where
an
API
should
be
added
!
Adding
an
API
at
a
particular
level
in
the
hierarchy
means
that
it
is
supported
on
all
the
child
platforms
of
that
level
.
For
example
when
adding
a
Unix
API
it
should
be
added
to
src
/
unix
/
mod
.
rs
but
when
adding
a
Linux
-
only
API
it
should
be
added
to
src
/
unix
/
linux_like
/
linux
/
mod
.
rs
.
If
you
'
re
not
100
%
sure
at
what
level
of
the
hierarchy
an
API
should
be
added
at
fear
not
!
This
crate
has
CI
support
which
tests
any
binding
against
all
platforms
supported
so
you
'
ll
see
failures
if
an
API
is
added
at
the
wrong
level
or
has
different
signatures
across
platforms
.
New
symbol
(
s
)
(
i
.
e
.
functions
constants
etc
.
)
should
also
be
added
to
the
symbols
list
(
s
)
found
in
the
libc
-
test
/
semver
directory
.
These
lists
keep
track
of
what
symbols
are
public
in
the
libc
crate
and
ensures
they
remain
available
between
changes
to
the
crate
.
If
the
new
symbol
(
s
)
are
available
on
all
supported
Unixes
it
should
be
added
to
unix
.
txt
list
<
sup
>
1
<
/
sup
>
otherwise
they
should
be
added
to
the
OS
specific
list
(
s
)
.
With
that
in
mind
the
steps
for
adding
a
new
API
are
:
1
.
Determine
where
in
the
module
hierarchy
your
API
should
be
added
.
2
.
Add
the
API
including
adding
new
symbol
(
s
)
to
the
semver
lists
.
3
.
Send
a
PR
to
this
repo
.
4
.
Wait
for
CI
to
pass
fixing
errors
.
5
.
Wait
for
a
merge
!
<
sup
>
1
<
/
sup
>
:
Note
that
this
list
has
nothing
to
do
with
any
Unix
or
Posix
standard
it
'
s
just
a
list
shared
between
all
OSs
that
declare
#
[
cfg
(
unix
)
]
.
#
#
Test
before
you
commit
We
have
two
automated
tests
running
on
[
GitHub
Actions
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
/
actions
)
:
1
.
[
libc
-
test
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
gnzlbg
/
ctest
)
-
cd
libc
-
test
&
&
cargo
test
-
Use
the
skip_
*
(
)
functions
in
build
.
rs
if
you
really
need
a
workaround
.
2
.
Style
checker
-
rustc
ci
/
style
.
rs
&
&
.
/
style
src
#
#
Breaking
change
policy
Sometimes
an
upstream
adds
a
breaking
change
to
their
API
e
.
g
.
removing
outdated
items
changing
the
type
signature
etc
.
And
we
probably
should
follow
that
change
to
build
the
libc
crate
successfully
.
It
'
s
annoying
to
do
the
equivalent
of
semver
-
major
versioning
for
each
such
change
.
Instead
we
mark
the
item
as
deprecated
and
do
the
actual
change
after
a
certain
period
.
The
steps
are
:
1
.
Add
#
[
deprecated
(
since
=
"
"
note
=
"
"
)
]
attribute
to
the
item
.
-
The
since
field
should
have
a
next
version
of
libc
(
e
.
g
.
if
the
current
version
is
0
.
2
.
1
it
should
be
0
.
2
.
2
)
.
-
The
note
field
should
have
a
reason
to
deprecate
and
a
tracking
issue
to
call
for
comments
(
e
.
g
.
"
We
consider
removing
this
as
the
upstream
removed
it
.
If
you
'
re
using
it
please
comment
on
#
XXX
"
)
.
2
.
If
we
don
'
t
see
any
concerns
for
a
while
do
the
change
actually
.
#
#
Releasing
your
change
to
crates
.
io
Now
that
you
'
ve
done
the
amazing
job
of
landing
your
new
API
or
your
new
platform
in
this
crate
the
next
step
is
to
get
that
sweet
sweet
usage
from
crates
.
io
!
The
only
next
step
is
to
bump
the
version
of
libc
and
then
publish
it
.
If
you
'
d
like
to
get
a
release
out
ASAP
you
can
follow
these
steps
:
1
.
Increment
the
patch
version
number
in
Cargo
.
toml
and
libc
-
test
/
Cargo
.
toml
.
1
.
Send
a
PR
to
this
repository
.
It
should
[
look
like
this
]
[
example
-
pr
]
but
it
'
d
also
be
nice
to
fill
out
the
description
with
a
small
rationale
for
the
release
(
any
rationale
is
ok
though
!
)
1
.
Once
merged
the
release
will
be
tagged
and
published
by
one
of
the
libc
crate
maintainers
.
[
example
-
pr
]
:
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
/
pull
/
2120

Commit message:

Bug 1785002 - Update libc to 0.2.132. r=emilio,supply-chain-reviewers
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D154731

UltraBlame original commit: 9aef0436dd73d9c15a095cc633a2dc0e4cc750aa

third_party/rust/libc/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

#
Contributing
to
libc
Welcome
!
If
you
are
reading
this
document
it
means
you
are
interested
in
contributing
to
the
libc
crate
.
#
#
Adding
an
API
Want
to
use
an
API
which
currently
isn
'
t
bound
in
libc
?
It
'
s
quite
easy
to
add
one
!
The
internal
structure
of
this
crate
is
designed
to
minimize
the
number
of
#
[
cfg
]
attributes
in
order
to
easily
be
able
to
add
new
items
which
apply
to
all
platforms
in
the
future
.
As
a
result
the
crate
is
organized
hierarchically
based
on
platform
.
Each
module
has
a
number
of
#
[
cfg
]
'
d
children
but
only
one
is
ever
actually
compiled
.
Each
module
then
reexports
all
the
contents
of
its
children
.
This
means
that
for
each
platform
that
libc
supports
the
path
from
a
leaf
module
to
the
root
will
contain
all
bindings
for
the
platform
in
question
.
Consequently
this
indicates
where
an
API
should
be
added
!
Adding
an
API
at
a
particular
level
in
the
hierarchy
means
that
it
is
supported
on
all
the
child
platforms
of
that
level
.
For
example
when
adding
a
Unix
API
it
should
be
added
to
src
/
unix
/
mod
.
rs
but
when
adding
a
Linux
-
only
API
it
should
be
added
to
src
/
unix
/
linux_like
/
linux
/
mod
.
rs
.
If
you
'
re
not
100
%
sure
at
what
level
of
the
hierarchy
an
API
should
be
added
at
fear
not
!
This
crate
has
CI
support
which
tests
any
binding
against
all
platforms
supported
so
you
'
ll
see
failures
if
an
API
is
added
at
the
wrong
level
or
has
different
signatures
across
platforms
.
New
symbol
(
s
)
(
i
.
e
.
functions
constants
etc
.
)
should
also
be
added
to
the
symbols
list
(
s
)
found
in
the
libc
-
test
/
semver
directory
.
These
lists
keep
track
of
what
symbols
are
public
in
the
libc
crate
and
ensures
they
remain
available
between
changes
to
the
crate
.
If
the
new
symbol
(
s
)
are
available
on
all
supported
Unixes
it
should
be
added
to
unix
.
txt
list
<
sup
>
1
<
/
sup
>
otherwise
they
should
be
added
to
the
OS
specific
list
(
s
)
.
With
that
in
mind
the
steps
for
adding
a
new
API
are
:
1
.
Determine
where
in
the
module
hierarchy
your
API
should
be
added
.
2
.
Add
the
API
including
adding
new
symbol
(
s
)
to
the
semver
lists
.
3
.
Send
a
PR
to
this
repo
.
4
.
Wait
for
CI
to
pass
fixing
errors
.
5
.
Wait
for
a
merge
!
<
sup
>
1
<
/
sup
>
:
Note
that
this
list
has
nothing
to
do
with
any
Unix
or
Posix
standard
it
'
s
just
a
list
shared
between
all
OSs
that
declare
#
[
cfg
(
unix
)
]
.
#
#
Test
before
you
commit
We
have
two
automated
tests
running
on
[
GitHub
Actions
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
/
actions
)
:
1
.
[
libc
-
test
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
gnzlbg
/
ctest
)
-
cd
libc
-
test
&
&
cargo
test
-
Use
the
skip_
*
(
)
functions
in
build
.
rs
if
you
really
need
a
workaround
.
2
.
Style
checker
-
rustc
ci
/
style
.
rs
&
&
.
/
style
src
#
#
Breaking
change
policy
Sometimes
an
upstream
adds
a
breaking
change
to
their
API
e
.
g
.
removing
outdated
items
changing
the
type
signature
etc
.
And
we
probably
should
follow
that
change
to
build
the
libc
crate
successfully
.
It
'
s
annoying
to
do
the
equivalent
of
semver
-
major
versioning
for
each
such
change
.
Instead
we
mark
the
item
as
deprecated
and
do
the
actual
change
after
a
certain
period
.
The
steps
are
:
1
.
Add
#
[
deprecated
(
since
=
"
"
note
=
"
"
)
]
attribute
to
the
item
.
-
The
since
field
should
have
a
next
version
of
libc
(
e
.
g
.
if
the
current
version
is
0
.
2
.
1
it
should
be
0
.
2
.
2
)
.
-
The
note
field
should
have
a
reason
to
deprecate
and
a
tracking
issue
to
call
for
comments
(
e
.
g
.
"
We
consider
removing
this
as
the
upstream
removed
it
.
If
you
'
re
using
it
please
comment
on
#
XXX
"
)
.
2
.
If
we
don
'
t
see
any
concerns
for
a
while
do
the
change
actually
.
#
#
Supported
target
policy
When
Rust
removes
a
support
for
a
target
the
libc
crate
also
may
remove
the
support
anytime
.
#
#
Releasing
your
change
to
crates
.
io
Now
that
you
'
ve
done
the
amazing
job
of
landing
your
new
API
or
your
new
platform
in
this
crate
the
next
step
is
to
get
that
sweet
sweet
usage
from
crates
.
io
!
The
only
next
step
is
to
bump
the
version
of
libc
and
then
publish
it
.
If
you
'
d
like
to
get
a
release
out
ASAP
you
can
follow
these
steps
:
1
.
Increment
the
patch
version
number
in
Cargo
.
toml
and
libc
-
test
/
Cargo
.
toml
.
1
.
Send
a
PR
to
this
repository
.
It
should
[
look
like
this
]
[
example
-
pr
]
but
it
'
d
also
be
nice
to
fill
out
the
description
with
a
small
rationale
for
the
release
(
any
rationale
is
ok
though
!
)
1
.
Once
merged
the
release
will
be
tagged
and
published
by
one
of
the
libc
crate
maintainers
.
[
example
-
pr
]
:
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
/
pull
/
2120
