third_party/rust/libc/README.md, before:

[
!
[
Travis
-
CI
Status
]
]
[
Travis
-
CI
]
[
!
[
Appveyor
Status
]
]
[
Appveyor
]
[
!
[
Cirrus
-
CI
Status
]
]
[
Cirrus
-
CI
]
[
!
[
Latest
Version
]
]
[
crates
.
io
]
[
!
[
Documentation
]
]
[
docs
.
rs
]
!
[
License
]
libc
-
Raw
FFI
bindings
to
platforms
'
system
libraries
=
=
=
=
libc
provides
all
of
the
definitions
necessary
to
easily
interoperate
with
C
code
(
or
"
C
-
like
"
code
)
on
each
of
the
platforms
that
Rust
supports
.
This
includes
type
definitions
(
e
.
g
.
c_int
)
constants
(
e
.
g
.
EINVAL
)
as
well
as
function
headers
(
e
.
g
.
malloc
)
.
This
crate
exports
all
underlying
platform
types
functions
and
constants
under
the
crate
root
so
all
items
are
accessible
as
libc
:
:
foo
.
The
types
and
values
of
all
the
exported
APIs
match
the
platform
that
libc
is
compiled
for
.
More
detailed
information
about
the
design
of
this
library
can
be
found
in
its
[
associated
RFC
]
[
rfc
]
.
[
rfc
]
:
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
rust
-
lang
/
rfcs
/
blob
/
master
/
text
/
1291
-
promote
-
libc
.
md
#
#
Usage
Add
the
following
to
your
Cargo
.
toml
:
toml
[
dependencies
]
libc
=
"
0
.
2
"
#
#
Features
*
use_std
:
by
default
libc
links
to
the
standard
library
.
Disable
this
feature
remove
this
dependency
and
be
able
to
use
libc
in
#
!
[
no_std
]
crates
.
*
extra_traits
:
all
struct
s
implemented
in
libc
are
Copy
and
Clone
.
This
feature
derives
Debug
Eq
Hash
and
PartialEq
.
#
#
Rust
version
support
The
minimum
supported
Rust
toolchain
version
is
*
*
Rust
1
.
13
.
0
*
*
.
APIs
requiring
newer
Rust
features
are
only
available
on
newer
Rust
toolchains
:
|
Feature
|
Version
|
|
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
|
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
|
|
union
|
1
.
19
.
0
|
|
const
mem
:
:
size_of
|
1
.
24
.
0
|
|
repr
(
align
)
|
1
.
25
.
0
|
|
extra_traits
|
1
.
25
.
0
|
|
core
:
:
ffi
:
:
c_void
|
1
.
30
.
0
|
|
repr
(
packed
(
N
)
)
|
1
.
33
.
0
|
#
#
Platform
support
[
Platform
-
specific
documentation
(
master
branch
)
]
[
docs
.
master
]
.
See
[
ci
/
build
.
sh
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
/
blob
/
master
/
libc
-
test
/
build
.
rs
)
for
the
platforms
on
which
libc
is
guaranteed
to
build
for
each
Rust
toolchain
.
The
test
-
matrix
at
[
Travis
-
CI
]
[
Appveyor
]
and
[
Cirrus
-
CI
]
show
the
platforms
in
which
libc
tests
are
run
.
<
div
class
=
"
platform_docs
"
>
<
/
div
>
#
#
License
This
project
is
licensed
under
either
of
*
[
Apache
License
Version
2
.
0
]
(
http
:
/
/
www
.
apache
.
org
/
licenses
/
LICENSE
-
2
.
0
)
(
[
LICENSE
-
APACHE
]
(
LICENSE
-
APACHE
)
)
*
[
MIT
License
]
(
http
:
/
/
opensource
.
org
/
licenses
/
MIT
)
(
[
LICENSE
-
MIT
]
(
LICENSE
-
MIT
)
)
at
your
option
.
#
#
Contributing
We
welcome
all
people
who
want
to
contribute
.
Please
see
the
[
contributing
instructions
]
for
more
information
.
[
contributing
instructions
]
:
CONTRIBUTING
.
md
Contributions
in
any
form
(
issues
pull
requests
etc
.
)
to
this
project
must
adhere
to
Rust
'
s
[
Code
of
Conduct
]
.
[
Code
of
Conduct
]
:
https
:
/
/
www
.
rust
-
lang
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
conduct
.
html
Unless
you
explicitly
state
otherwise
any
contribution
intentionally
submitted
for
inclusion
in
libc
by
you
as
defined
in
the
Apache
-
2
.
0
license
shall
be
dual
licensed
as
above
without
any
additional
terms
or
conditions
.
[
Travis
-
CI
]
:
https
:
/
/
travis
-
ci
.
com
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
[
Travis
-
CI
Status
]
:
https
:
/
/
travis
-
ci
.
com
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
.
svg
?
branch
=
master
[
Appveyor
]
:
https
:
/
/
ci
.
appveyor
.
com
/
project
/
rust
-
lang
-
libs
/
libc
[
Appveyor
Status
]
:
https
:
/
/
ci
.
appveyor
.
com
/
api
/
projects
/
status
/
github
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
?
svg
=
true
[
Cirrus
-
CI
]
:
https
:
/
/
cirrus
-
ci
.
com
/
github
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
[
Cirrus
-
CI
Status
]
:
https
:
/
/
api
.
cirrus
-
ci
.
com
/
github
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
.
svg
[
crates
.
io
]
:
https
:
/
/
crates
.
io
/
crates
/
libc
[
Latest
Version
]
:
https
:
/
/
img
.
shields
.
io
/
crates
/
v
/
libc
.
svg
[
Documentation
]
:
https
:
/
/
docs
.
rs
/
libc
/
badge
.
svg
[
docs
.
rs
]
:
https
:
/
/
docs
.
rs
/
libc
[
License
]
:
https
:
/
/
img
.
shields
.
io
/
crates
/
l
/
libc
.
svg
[
docs
.
master
]
:
https
:
/
/
rust
-
lang
.
github
.
io
/
libc
/
#
platform
-
specific
-
documentation

Commit message:

Bug 1567739 - Update rust libc crate to 0.2.60. r=emilio
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D38816

UltraBlame original commit: b499c3ab3eae0c71e5c09901e49f014ca047731e

third_party/rust/libc/README.md, after:

[
!
[
Travis
-
CI
Status
]
]
[
Travis
-
CI
]
[
!
[
Appveyor
Status
]
]
[
Appveyor
]
[
!
[
Cirrus
-
CI
Status
]
]
[
Cirrus
-
CI
]
[
!
[
Latest
Version
]
]
[
crates
.
io
]
[
!
[
Documentation
]
]
[
docs
.
rs
]
!
[
License
]
libc
-
Raw
FFI
bindings
to
platforms
'
system
libraries
=
=
=
=
libc
provides
all
of
the
definitions
necessary
to
easily
interoperate
with
C
code
(
or
"
C
-
like
"
code
)
on
each
of
the
platforms
that
Rust
supports
.
This
includes
type
definitions
(
e
.
g
.
c_int
)
constants
(
e
.
g
.
EINVAL
)
as
well
as
function
headers
(
e
.
g
.
malloc
)
.
This
crate
exports
all
underlying
platform
types
functions
and
constants
under
the
crate
root
so
all
items
are
accessible
as
libc
:
:
foo
.
The
types
and
values
of
all
the
exported
APIs
match
the
platform
that
libc
is
compiled
for
.
More
detailed
information
about
the
design
of
this
library
can
be
found
in
its
[
associated
RFC
]
[
rfc
]
.
[
rfc
]
:
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
rust
-
lang
/
rfcs
/
blob
/
master
/
text
/
1291
-
promote
-
libc
.
md
#
#
Usage
Add
the
following
to
your
Cargo
.
toml
:
toml
[
dependencies
]
libc
=
"
0
.
2
"
#
#
Features
*
std
:
by
default
libc
links
to
the
standard
library
.
Disable
this
feature
remove
this
dependency
and
be
able
to
use
libc
in
#
!
[
no_std
]
crates
.
*
extra_traits
:
all
struct
s
implemented
in
libc
are
Copy
and
Clone
.
This
feature
derives
Debug
Eq
Hash
and
PartialEq
.
*
*
*
deprecated
*
*
:
use_std
is
deprecated
and
is
equivalent
to
std
.
#
#
Rust
version
support
The
minimum
supported
Rust
toolchain
version
is
*
*
Rust
1
.
13
.
0
*
*
.
APIs
requiring
newer
Rust
features
are
only
available
on
newer
Rust
toolchains
:
|
Feature
|
Version
|
|
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
|
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
|
|
union
|
1
.
19
.
0
|
|
const
mem
:
:
size_of
|
1
.
24
.
0
|
|
repr
(
align
)
|
1
.
25
.
0
|
|
extra_traits
|
1
.
25
.
0
|
|
core
:
:
ffi
:
:
c_void
|
1
.
30
.
0
|
|
repr
(
packed
(
N
)
)
|
1
.
33
.
0
|
#
#
Platform
support
[
Platform
-
specific
documentation
(
master
branch
)
]
[
docs
.
master
]
.
See
[
ci
/
build
.
sh
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
/
blob
/
master
/
ci
/
build
.
sh
)
for
the
platforms
on
which
libc
is
guaranteed
to
build
for
each
Rust
toolchain
.
The
test
-
matrix
at
[
Travis
-
CI
]
[
Appveyor
]
and
[
Cirrus
-
CI
]
show
the
platforms
in
which
libc
tests
are
run
.
<
div
class
=
"
platform_docs
"
>
<
/
div
>
#
#
License
This
project
is
licensed
under
either
of
*
[
Apache
License
Version
2
.
0
]
(
http
:
/
/
www
.
apache
.
org
/
licenses
/
LICENSE
-
2
.
0
)
(
[
LICENSE
-
APACHE
]
(
LICENSE
-
APACHE
)
)
*
[
MIT
License
]
(
http
:
/
/
opensource
.
org
/
licenses
/
MIT
)
(
[
LICENSE
-
MIT
]
(
LICENSE
-
MIT
)
)
at
your
option
.
#
#
Contributing
We
welcome
all
people
who
want
to
contribute
.
Please
see
the
[
contributing
instructions
]
for
more
information
.
[
contributing
instructions
]
:
CONTRIBUTING
.
md
Contributions
in
any
form
(
issues
pull
requests
etc
.
)
to
this
project
must
adhere
to
Rust
'
s
[
Code
of
Conduct
]
.
[
Code
of
Conduct
]
:
https
:
/
/
www
.
rust
-
lang
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
conduct
.
html
Unless
you
explicitly
state
otherwise
any
contribution
intentionally
submitted
for
inclusion
in
libc
by
you
as
defined
in
the
Apache
-
2
.
0
license
shall
be
dual
licensed
as
above
without
any
additional
terms
or
conditions
.
[
Travis
-
CI
]
:
https
:
/
/
travis
-
ci
.
com
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
[
Travis
-
CI
Status
]
:
https
:
/
/
travis
-
ci
.
com
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
.
svg
?
branch
=
master
[
Appveyor
]
:
https
:
/
/
ci
.
appveyor
.
com
/
project
/
rust
-
lang
-
libs
/
libc
[
Appveyor
Status
]
:
https
:
/
/
ci
.
appveyor
.
com
/
api
/
projects
/
status
/
github
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
?
svg
=
true
[
Cirrus
-
CI
]
:
https
:
/
/
cirrus
-
ci
.
com
/
github
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
[
Cirrus
-
CI
Status
]
:
https
:
/
/
api
.
cirrus
-
ci
.
com
/
github
/
rust
-
lang
/
libc
.
svg
[
crates
.
io
]
:
https
:
/
/
crates
.
io
/
crates
/
libc
[
Latest
Version
]
:
https
:
/
/
img
.
shields
.
io
/
crates
/
v
/
libc
.
svg
[
Documentation
]
:
https
:
/
/
docs
.
rs
/
libc
/
badge
.
svg
[
docs
.
rs
]
:
https
:
/
/
docs
.
rs
/
libc
[
License
]
:
https
:
/
/
img
.
shields
.
io
/
crates
/
l
/
libc
.
svg
[
docs
.
master
]
:
https
:
/
/
rust
-
lang
.
github
.
io
/
libc
/
#
platform
-
specific
-
documentation
