mobile/android/docs/uitelemetry.rst, before:

.
.
-
*
-
Mode
:
rst
;
fill
-
column
:
80
;
-
*
-
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
UI
Telemetry
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Fennec
records
UI
events
using
a
telemetry
framework
called
UITelemetry
.
Some
links
:
-
Project
page
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Mobile
/
Projects
/
Telemetry_probes_for_Fennec_UI_elements
>
_
-
Wiki
page
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Mobile
/
Fennec
/
Android
/
UITelemetry
>
_
-
User
research
notes
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Mobile
/
User_Experience
/
Research
>
_
Sessions
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
*
*
Sessions
*
*
are
essentially
scopes
.
They
are
meant
to
provide
context
to
events
;
this
allows
events
to
be
simpler
and
more
reusable
.
Sessions
are
usually
bound
to
some
component
of
the
UI
some
user
action
with
a
duration
or
some
transient
state
.
For
example
a
session
might
be
begun
when
a
user
begins
interacting
with
a
menu
and
stopped
when
the
interaction
ends
.
Or
a
session
might
encapsulate
period
of
no
network
connectivity
the
first
five
seconds
after
the
browser
launched
the
time
spent
with
an
active
download
or
a
guest
mode
session
.
Sessions
implicitly
record
the
duration
of
the
interaction
.
A
simple
use
-
case
for
sessions
is
the
bookmarks
panel
in
about
:
home
.
We
start
a
session
when
the
user
swipes
into
the
panel
and
stop
it
when
they
swipe
away
.
This
bookmarks
session
does
two
things
:
firstly
it
gives
scope
to
any
generic
event
that
may
occur
within
the
panel
(
*
e
.
g
.
*
loading
a
URL
)
.
Secondly
it
allows
us
to
figure
out
how
much
time
users
are
spending
in
the
bookmarks
panel
.
To
start
a
session
call
Telemetry
.
startUISession
(
String
sessionName
)
.
sessionName
The
name
of
the
session
.
Session
names
should
be
brief
lowercase
and
should
describe
which
UI
component
the
user
is
interacting
with
.
In
certain
cases
where
the
UI
component
is
dynamic
they
could
include
an
ID
essential
to
identifying
that
component
.
An
example
of
this
is
dynamic
home
panels
:
we
use
session
names
of
the
format
homepanel
:
<
panel_id
>
to
identify
home
panel
sessions
.
To
stop
a
session
call
Telemetry
.
stopUISession
(
String
sessionName
String
reason
)
.
sessionName
The
name
of
the
open
session
reason
(
Optional
)
A
descriptive
cause
for
ending
the
session
.
It
should
be
brief
lowercase
and
generic
so
it
can
be
reused
in
different
places
.
Examples
reasons
are
:
switched
The
user
transitioned
to
a
UI
element
of
equal
level
.
exit
The
user
left
for
an
entirely
different
element
.
Events
=
=
=
=
=
=
Events
capture
key
occurrences
.
They
should
be
brief
and
simple
and
should
not
contain
sensitive
or
excess
information
.
Context
for
events
should
come
from
the
session
(
scope
)
.
An
event
can
be
created
with
four
fields
(
via
Telemetry
.
sendUIEvent
)
:
action
method
extras
and
timestamp
.
action
The
name
of
the
event
.
Should
be
brief
and
lowercase
.
If
needed
you
can
make
use
of
namespacing
with
a
'
.
'
separator
.
Example
event
names
:
panel
.
switch
panel
.
enable
panel
.
disable
panel
.
install
.
method
(
Optional
)
Used
for
user
actions
that
can
be
performed
in
many
ways
.
This
field
specifies
the
method
by
which
the
action
was
performed
.
For
example
users
can
add
an
item
to
their
reading
list
either
by
long
-
tapping
the
reader
icon
in
the
address
bar
or
from
within
reader
mode
.
We
would
use
the
same
event
name
for
both
user
actions
but
specify
two
methods
:
addressbar
and
readermode
.
extras
(
Optional
)
For
extra
information
that
may
be
useful
in
understanding
the
event
.
Make
an
effort
to
keep
this
brief
.
timestamp
(
Optional
)
The
time
at
which
the
event
occurred
.
If
not
specified
this
field
defaults
to
the
current
value
of
the
realtime
clock
.
Versioning
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
As
a
we
improve
on
our
Telemetry
methods
it
is
foreseeable
that
our
probes
will
change
over
time
.
Different
versions
of
a
probe
could
carry
different
data
or
have
different
interpretations
on
the
server
-
side
.
To
make
it
easier
for
the
server
to
handle
these
changes
you
should
add
version
numbers
to
your
event
and
session
names
.
An
example
of
a
versioned
session
is
homepanel
.
1
;
this
is
version
1
of
the
homepanel
session
.
This
approach
should
also
be
applied
to
event
names
an
example
being
:
panel
.
enable
.
1
and
panel
.
enable
.
2
.
Clock
=
=
=
=
=
Times
are
relative
to
either
elapsed
realtime
(
an
arbitrary
monotonically
increasing
clock
that
continues
to
tick
when
the
device
is
asleep
)
or
elapsed
uptime
(
which
doesn
'
t
tick
when
the
device
is
in
deep
sleep
)
.
We
default
to
elapsed
realtime
.
See
the
documentation
in
the
source
<
http
:
/
/
mxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
mobile
/
android
/
base
/
Telemetry
.
java
>
_
for
more
details
.
Dictionary
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Events
-
-
-
-
-
-
action
.
1
Generic
action
usually
for
tracking
menu
and
toolbar
actions
.
cancel
.
1
Cancel
a
state
action
etc
.
cast
.
1
Start
casting
a
video
.
edit
.
1
Sent
when
the
user
edits
a
top
site
.
launch
.
1
Launching
(
opening
)
an
external
application
.
Note
:
Only
used
in
JavaScript
for
now
.
loadurl
.
1
Loading
a
URL
.
locale
.
browser
.
reset
.
1
When
the
user
chooses
"
System
default
"
in
the
browser
locale
picker
.
locale
.
browser
.
selected
.
1
When
the
user
chooses
a
locale
in
the
browser
locale
picker
.
The
selected
locale
is
provided
as
the
extra
.
locale
.
browser
.
unselected
.
1
When
the
user
chose
a
different
locale
in
the
browser
locale
picker
this
event
is
fired
with
the
previous
locale
as
the
extra
.
If
the
previous
locale
could
not
be
determined
"
unknown
"
is
provided
.
neterror
.
1
When
the
user
performs
actions
on
the
in
-
content
network
error
page
.
This
should
probably
be
a
Session
but
it
'
s
difficult
to
start
and
stop
the
session
reliably
.
panel
.
hide
.
1
Hide
a
built
-
in
home
panel
.
panel
.
move
.
1
Move
a
home
panel
up
or
down
.
panel
.
remove
.
1
Remove
a
custom
home
panel
.
panel
.
setdefault
.
1
Set
default
home
panel
.
panel
.
show
.
1
Show
a
hidden
built
-
in
home
panel
.
pin
.
1
unpin
.
1
Sent
when
the
user
pinned
or
unpinned
a
top
site
.
policynotification
.
success
.
1
:
true
Sent
when
a
user
has
accepted
the
data
notification
policy
.
Can
be
false
instead
of
true
if
an
error
occurs
.
sanitize
.
1
Sent
when
the
user
chooses
to
clear
private
data
.
save
.
1
unsave
.
1
Saving
or
unsaving
a
resource
(
reader
bookmark
etc
.
)
for
viewing
later
.
Note
:
Only
used
in
JavaScript
for
now
.
search
.
1
Sent
when
the
user
performs
a
search
.
Currently
used
in
the
search
activity
.
search
.
remove
.
1
Sent
when
the
user
removes
a
search
engine
.
search
.
restore
.
1
Sent
when
the
user
restores
the
search
engine
configuration
back
to
the
built
-
in
configuration
.
search
.
setdefault
.
1
Sent
when
the
user
sets
a
search
engine
to
be
the
default
.
share
.
1
Sharing
content
.
show
.
1
Sent
when
a
contextual
UI
element
is
shown
to
the
user
.
undo
.
1
Sent
when
performing
an
undo
-
style
action
like
undoing
a
closed
tab
.
Methods
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
actionbar
Action
triggered
from
an
ActionBar
UI
.
back
Action
triggered
from
the
back
button
.
banner
Action
triggered
from
a
banner
(
such
as
HomeBanner
)
.
button
Action
triggered
from
a
button
.
Note
:
Only
used
in
JavaScript
for
now
.
content
Action
triggered
from
a
content
page
.
contextmenu
Action
triggered
from
a
contextmenu
.
Could
be
from
chrome
or
content
.
dialog
Action
triggered
from
a
dialog
.
griditem
Action
triggered
from
a
griditem
such
as
those
used
in
Top
Sites
panel
.
homescreen
Action
triggered
from
a
homescreen
shortcut
icon
.
intent
Action
triggered
from
a
system
Intent
usually
sent
from
the
OS
.
list
Action
triggered
from
an
unmanaged
list
of
items
usually
provided
by
the
OS
.
listitem
Action
triggered
from
a
listitem
.
menu
Action
triggered
from
the
main
menu
.
notification
Action
triggered
from
a
system
notification
.
pageaction
Action
triggered
from
a
pageaction
displayed
in
the
URL
bar
.
settings
Action
triggered
from
a
content
page
.
shareoverlay
Action
triggered
from
a
content
page
.
suggestion
Action
triggered
from
a
suggested
result
like
those
from
search
engines
or
default
tiles
.
toast
Action
triggered
from
an
unobtrusive
temporary
notification
.
widget
Action
triggered
from
a
widget
placed
on
the
homescreen
.
Sessions
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
awesomescreen
.
1
Awesomescreen
(
including
frecency
search
)
is
active
.
firstrun
.
1
Started
the
very
first
time
we
believe
the
application
has
been
launched
.
frecency
.
1
Awesomescreen
frecency
search
is
active
.
homepanel
.
1
Started
when
a
user
enters
a
given
home
panel
.
Session
name
is
dynamic
encoded
as
"
homepanel
.
1
:
<
panel_id
>
"
Built
-
in
home
panels
have
fixed
IDs
reader
.
1
Reader
viewer
becomes
active
in
the
foreground
.
searchactivity
.
1
Started
when
the
user
launches
the
search
activity
(
onStart
)
and
stopped
when
they
leave
the
search
activity
.
settings
.
1
Settings
activity
is
active
.

Commit message:

Bug 1249094 - Add UI Telemetry probes for application foreground / background changes r=margaret
UltraBlame original commit: f95431e5e7975e3783fbeddcac19495fd0f210d3

mobile/android/docs/uitelemetry.rst, after:

.
.
-
*
-
Mode
:
rst
;
fill
-
column
:
80
;
-
*
-
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
UI
Telemetry
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Fennec
records
UI
events
using
a
telemetry
framework
called
UITelemetry
.
Some
links
:
-
Project
page
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Mobile
/
Projects
/
Telemetry_probes_for_Fennec_UI_elements
>
_
-
Wiki
page
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Mobile
/
Fennec
/
Android
/
UITelemetry
>
_
-
User
research
notes
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Mobile
/
User_Experience
/
Research
>
_
Sessions
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
*
*
Sessions
*
*
are
essentially
scopes
.
They
are
meant
to
provide
context
to
events
;
this
allows
events
to
be
simpler
and
more
reusable
.
Sessions
are
usually
bound
to
some
component
of
the
UI
some
user
action
with
a
duration
or
some
transient
state
.
For
example
a
session
might
be
begun
when
a
user
begins
interacting
with
a
menu
and
stopped
when
the
interaction
ends
.
Or
a
session
might
encapsulate
period
of
no
network
connectivity
the
first
five
seconds
after
the
browser
launched
the
time
spent
with
an
active
download
or
a
guest
mode
session
.
Sessions
implicitly
record
the
duration
of
the
interaction
.
A
simple
use
-
case
for
sessions
is
the
bookmarks
panel
in
about
:
home
.
We
start
a
session
when
the
user
swipes
into
the
panel
and
stop
it
when
they
swipe
away
.
This
bookmarks
session
does
two
things
:
firstly
it
gives
scope
to
any
generic
event
that
may
occur
within
the
panel
(
*
e
.
g
.
*
loading
a
URL
)
.
Secondly
it
allows
us
to
figure
out
how
much
time
users
are
spending
in
the
bookmarks
panel
.
To
start
a
session
call
Telemetry
.
startUISession
(
String
sessionName
)
.
sessionName
The
name
of
the
session
.
Session
names
should
be
brief
lowercase
and
should
describe
which
UI
component
the
user
is
interacting
with
.
In
certain
cases
where
the
UI
component
is
dynamic
they
could
include
an
ID
essential
to
identifying
that
component
.
An
example
of
this
is
dynamic
home
panels
:
we
use
session
names
of
the
format
homepanel
:
<
panel_id
>
to
identify
home
panel
sessions
.
To
stop
a
session
call
Telemetry
.
stopUISession
(
String
sessionName
String
reason
)
.
sessionName
The
name
of
the
open
session
reason
(
Optional
)
A
descriptive
cause
for
ending
the
session
.
It
should
be
brief
lowercase
and
generic
so
it
can
be
reused
in
different
places
.
Examples
reasons
are
:
switched
The
user
transitioned
to
a
UI
element
of
equal
level
.
exit
The
user
left
for
an
entirely
different
element
.
Events
=
=
=
=
=
=
Events
capture
key
occurrences
.
They
should
be
brief
and
simple
and
should
not
contain
sensitive
or
excess
information
.
Context
for
events
should
come
from
the
session
(
scope
)
.
An
event
can
be
created
with
four
fields
(
via
Telemetry
.
sendUIEvent
)
:
action
method
extras
and
timestamp
.
action
The
name
of
the
event
.
Should
be
brief
and
lowercase
.
If
needed
you
can
make
use
of
namespacing
with
a
'
.
'
separator
.
Example
event
names
:
panel
.
switch
panel
.
enable
panel
.
disable
panel
.
install
.
method
(
Optional
)
Used
for
user
actions
that
can
be
performed
in
many
ways
.
This
field
specifies
the
method
by
which
the
action
was
performed
.
For
example
users
can
add
an
item
to
their
reading
list
either
by
long
-
tapping
the
reader
icon
in
the
address
bar
or
from
within
reader
mode
.
We
would
use
the
same
event
name
for
both
user
actions
but
specify
two
methods
:
addressbar
and
readermode
.
extras
(
Optional
)
For
extra
information
that
may
be
useful
in
understanding
the
event
.
Make
an
effort
to
keep
this
brief
.
timestamp
(
Optional
)
The
time
at
which
the
event
occurred
.
If
not
specified
this
field
defaults
to
the
current
value
of
the
realtime
clock
.
Versioning
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
As
a
we
improve
on
our
Telemetry
methods
it
is
foreseeable
that
our
probes
will
change
over
time
.
Different
versions
of
a
probe
could
carry
different
data
or
have
different
interpretations
on
the
server
-
side
.
To
make
it
easier
for
the
server
to
handle
these
changes
you
should
add
version
numbers
to
your
event
and
session
names
.
An
example
of
a
versioned
session
is
homepanel
.
1
;
this
is
version
1
of
the
homepanel
session
.
This
approach
should
also
be
applied
to
event
names
an
example
being
:
panel
.
enable
.
1
and
panel
.
enable
.
2
.
Clock
=
=
=
=
=
Times
are
relative
to
either
elapsed
realtime
(
an
arbitrary
monotonically
increasing
clock
that
continues
to
tick
when
the
device
is
asleep
)
or
elapsed
uptime
(
which
doesn
'
t
tick
when
the
device
is
in
deep
sleep
)
.
We
default
to
elapsed
realtime
.
See
the
documentation
in
the
source
<
http
:
/
/
mxr
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
mobile
/
android
/
base
/
Telemetry
.
java
>
_
for
more
details
.
Dictionary
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Events
-
-
-
-
-
-
action
.
1
Generic
action
usually
for
tracking
menu
and
toolbar
actions
.
cancel
.
1
Cancel
a
state
action
etc
.
cast
.
1
Start
casting
a
video
.
edit
.
1
Sent
when
the
user
edits
a
top
site
.
launch
.
1
Launching
(
opening
)
an
external
application
.
Note
:
Only
used
in
JavaScript
for
now
.
loadurl
.
1
Loading
a
URL
.
locale
.
browser
.
reset
.
1
When
the
user
chooses
"
System
default
"
in
the
browser
locale
picker
.
locale
.
browser
.
selected
.
1
When
the
user
chooses
a
locale
in
the
browser
locale
picker
.
The
selected
locale
is
provided
as
the
extra
.
locale
.
browser
.
unselected
.
1
When
the
user
chose
a
different
locale
in
the
browser
locale
picker
this
event
is
fired
with
the
previous
locale
as
the
extra
.
If
the
previous
locale
could
not
be
determined
"
unknown
"
is
provided
.
neterror
.
1
When
the
user
performs
actions
on
the
in
-
content
network
error
page
.
This
should
probably
be
a
Session
but
it
'
s
difficult
to
start
and
stop
the
session
reliably
.
panel
.
hide
.
1
Hide
a
built
-
in
home
panel
.
panel
.
move
.
1
Move
a
home
panel
up
or
down
.
panel
.
remove
.
1
Remove
a
custom
home
panel
.
panel
.
setdefault
.
1
Set
default
home
panel
.
panel
.
show
.
1
Show
a
hidden
built
-
in
home
panel
.
pin
.
1
unpin
.
1
Sent
when
the
user
pinned
or
unpinned
a
top
site
.
policynotification
.
success
.
1
:
true
Sent
when
a
user
has
accepted
the
data
notification
policy
.
Can
be
false
instead
of
true
if
an
error
occurs
.
sanitize
.
1
Sent
when
the
user
chooses
to
clear
private
data
.
save
.
1
unsave
.
1
Saving
or
unsaving
a
resource
(
reader
bookmark
etc
.
)
for
viewing
later
.
Note
:
Only
used
in
JavaScript
for
now
.
search
.
1
Sent
when
the
user
performs
a
search
.
Currently
used
in
the
search
activity
.
search
.
remove
.
1
Sent
when
the
user
removes
a
search
engine
.
search
.
restore
.
1
Sent
when
the
user
restores
the
search
engine
configuration
back
to
the
built
-
in
configuration
.
search
.
setdefault
.
1
Sent
when
the
user
sets
a
search
engine
to
be
the
default
.
share
.
1
Sharing
content
.
show
.
1
Sent
when
a
contextual
UI
element
is
shown
to
the
user
.
undo
.
1
Sent
when
performing
an
undo
-
style
action
like
undoing
a
closed
tab
.
Methods
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
actionbar
Action
triggered
from
an
ActionBar
UI
.
back
Action
triggered
from
the
back
button
.
banner
Action
triggered
from
a
banner
(
such
as
HomeBanner
)
.
button
Action
triggered
from
a
button
.
Note
:
Only
used
in
JavaScript
for
now
.
content
Action
triggered
from
a
content
page
.
contextmenu
Action
triggered
from
a
contextmenu
.
Could
be
from
chrome
or
content
.
dialog
Action
triggered
from
a
dialog
.
griditem
Action
triggered
from
a
griditem
such
as
those
used
in
Top
Sites
panel
.
homescreen
Action
triggered
from
a
homescreen
shortcut
icon
.
intent
Action
triggered
from
a
system
Intent
usually
sent
from
the
OS
.
list
Action
triggered
from
an
unmanaged
list
of
items
usually
provided
by
the
OS
.
listitem
Action
triggered
from
a
listitem
.
menu
Action
triggered
from
the
main
menu
.
notification
Action
triggered
from
a
system
notification
.
pageaction
Action
triggered
from
a
pageaction
displayed
in
the
URL
bar
.
settings
Action
triggered
from
a
content
page
.
shareoverlay
Action
triggered
from
a
content
page
.
suggestion
Action
triggered
from
a
suggested
result
like
those
from
search
engines
or
default
tiles
.
system
Action
triggered
from
an
OS
level
action
like
application
foreground
/
background
.
toast
Action
triggered
from
an
unobtrusive
temporary
notification
.
widget
Action
triggered
from
a
widget
placed
on
the
homescreen
.
Sessions
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
awesomescreen
.
1
Awesomescreen
(
including
frecency
search
)
is
active
.
firstrun
.
1
Started
the
very
first
time
we
believe
the
application
has
been
launched
.
frecency
.
1
Awesomescreen
frecency
search
is
active
.
homepanel
.
1
Started
when
a
user
enters
a
given
home
panel
.
Session
name
is
dynamic
encoded
as
"
homepanel
.
1
:
<
panel_id
>
"
Built
-
in
home
panels
have
fixed
IDs
reader
.
1
Reader
viewer
becomes
active
in
the
foreground
.
searchactivity
.
1
Started
when
the
user
launches
the
search
activity
(
onStart
)
and
stopped
when
they
leave
the
search
activity
.
settings
.
1
Settings
activity
is
active
.
