tools/profiler/docs/instrumenting-rust.rst, before:

Instrumenting
Rust
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
There
are
multiple
ways
to
use
the
profiler
with
Rust
.
Native
stack
sampling
already
includes
the
Rust
frames
without
special
handling
.
There
is
the
"
Native
Stacks
"
profiler
feature
(
via
about
:
profiling
)
which
enables
stack
walking
for
native
code
.
This
is
most
likely
turned
on
already
for
every
profiler
presets
.
In
addition
to
that
there
is
a
profiler
Rust
API
to
instrument
the
Rust
code
and
add
more
information
to
the
profile
data
.
There
are
three
main
functionalities
to
use
:
1
.
Register
Rust
threads
with
the
profiler
so
the
profiler
can
record
these
threads
.
2
.
Add
stack
frame
labels
to
annotate
and
categorize
a
part
of
the
stack
.
3
.
Add
markers
to
specifically
mark
instants
in
time
or
durations
.
This
can
be
helpful
to
make
sense
of
a
particular
piece
of
the
code
or
record
events
that
normally
wouldn
'
t
show
up
in
samples
.
Crate
to
Include
as
a
Dependency
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Profiler
Rust
API
is
located
inside
the
gecko
-
profiler
crate
.
This
needs
to
be
included
in
the
project
dependencies
before
the
following
functionalities
can
be
used
.
To
be
able
to
include
it
a
new
dependency
entry
needs
to
be
added
to
the
project
'
s
Cargo
.
toml
file
like
this
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
toml
[
dependencies
]
gecko
-
profiler
=
{
path
=
"
.
.
/
.
.
/
tools
/
profiler
/
rust
-
api
"
}
Note
that
the
relative
path
needs
to
be
updated
depending
on
the
project
'
s
location
in
mozilla
-
central
.
Registering
Threads
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
To
be
able
to
see
the
threads
in
the
profile
data
they
need
to
be
registered
with
the
profiler
.
Also
they
need
to
be
unregistered
when
they
are
exiting
.
It
'
s
important
to
give
a
unique
name
to
the
thread
so
they
can
be
filtered
easily
.
Registering
and
unregistering
a
thread
is
straightforward
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
/
/
Register
it
with
a
given
name
.
gecko_profiler
:
:
register_thread
(
"
Thread
Name
"
)
;
/
/
After
doing
some
work
and
right
before
exiting
the
thread
unregister
it
.
gecko_profiler
:
:
unregister_thread
(
)
;
For
example
here
'
s
how
to
register
and
unregister
a
simple
thread
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
let
thread_name
=
"
New
Thread
"
;
std
:
:
thread
:
:
Builder
:
:
new
(
)
.
name
(
thread_name
.
into
(
)
)
.
spawn
(
move
|
|
{
gecko_profiler
:
:
register_thread
(
thread_name
)
;
/
/
DO
SOME
WORK
gecko_profiler
:
:
unregister_thread
(
)
;
}
)
.
unwrap
(
)
;
Or
with
a
thread
pool
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
let
worker
=
rayon
:
:
ThreadPoolBuilder
:
:
new
(
)
.
thread_name
(
move
|
idx
|
format
!
(
"
Worker
#
{
}
"
idx
)
)
.
start_handler
(
move
|
idx
|
{
gecko_profiler
:
:
register_thread
(
&
format
!
(
"
Worker
#
{
}
"
idx
)
)
;
}
)
.
exit_handler
(
|
_idx
|
{
gecko_profiler
:
:
unregister_thread
(
)
;
}
)
.
build
(
)
;
.
.
note
:
:
Registering
a
thread
only
will
not
make
it
appear
in
the
profile
data
.
In
addition
it
needs
to
be
added
to
the
"
Threads
"
filter
in
about
:
profiling
.
This
filter
input
is
a
comma
-
separated
list
.
It
matches
partial
names
and
supports
the
wildcard
*
.
Adding
Stack
Frame
Labels
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Stack
frame
labels
are
useful
for
annotating
a
part
of
the
call
stack
with
a
category
.
The
category
will
appear
in
the
various
places
on
the
Firefox
Profiler
analysis
page
like
timeline
call
tree
tab
flame
graph
tab
etc
.
gecko_profiler_label
!
macro
is
used
to
add
a
new
label
frame
.
The
added
label
frame
will
exist
between
the
call
of
this
macro
and
the
end
of
the
current
scope
.
Adding
a
stack
frame
label
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
/
/
Marking
the
stack
as
"
Layout
"
category
no
subcategory
provided
.
gecko_profiler_label
!
(
Layout
)
;
/
/
Marking
the
stack
as
"
JavaScript
"
category
and
"
Parsing
"
subcategory
.
gecko_profiler_label
!
(
JavaScript
Parsing
)
;
/
/
Or
the
entire
function
scope
can
be
marked
with
a
procedural
macro
.
This
is
/
/
essentially
a
syntactical
sugar
and
it
expands
into
a
function
with
a
/
/
gecko_profiler_label
!
call
at
the
very
start
:
#
[
gecko_profiler_fn_label
(
DOM
)
]
fn
foo
(
bar
:
u32
)
-
>
u32
{
bar
}
See
the
list
of
all
profiling
categories
in
the
profiling_categories
.
yaml
_
file
.
Adding
Markers
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Markers
are
packets
of
arbitrary
data
that
are
added
to
a
profile
by
the
Firefox
code
usually
to
indicate
something
important
happening
at
a
point
in
time
or
during
an
interval
of
time
.
Each
marker
has
a
name
a
category
some
common
optional
information
(
timing
backtrace
etc
.
)
and
an
optional
payload
of
a
specific
type
(
containing
arbitrary
data
relevant
to
that
type
)
.
.
.
note
:
:
This
guide
explains
Rust
markers
in
depth
.
To
learn
more
about
how
to
add
a
marker
in
C
+
+
JavaScript
or
JVM
please
take
a
look
at
their
documentation
in
:
doc
:
markers
-
guide
or
:
doc
:
instrumenting
-
javascript
:
doc
:
instrumenting
-
android
respectively
.
Examples
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
Short
examples
details
are
below
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
/
/
Record
a
simple
marker
with
the
category
of
Graphics
DisplayListBuilding
.
gecko_profiler
:
:
add_untyped_marker
(
/
/
Name
of
the
marker
as
a
string
.
"
Marker
Name
"
/
/
Category
with
an
optional
sub
-
category
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
(
Graphics
DisplayListBuilding
)
/
/
MarkerOptions
that
keeps
options
like
marker
timing
and
marker
stack
.
/
/
It
will
be
a
point
in
type
by
default
.
Default
:
:
default
(
)
)
;
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
/
/
Create
a
marker
with
some
additional
text
information
.
let
info
=
"
info
about
this
marker
"
;
gecko_profiler
:
:
add_text_marker
(
/
/
Name
of
the
marker
as
a
string
.
"
Marker
Name
"
/
/
Category
with
an
optional
sub
-
category
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
(
DOM
)
/
/
MarkerOptions
that
keeps
options
like
marker
timing
and
marker
stack
.
MarkerOptions
{
timing
:
MarkerTiming
:
:
instant_now
(
)
.
.
Default
:
:
default
(
)
}
/
/
Additional
information
as
a
string
.
info
)
;
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
/
/
Record
a
custom
marker
of
type
ExampleNumberMarker
(
see
definition
below
)
.
gecko_profiler
:
:
add_marker
(
/
/
Name
of
the
marker
as
a
string
.
"
Marker
Name
"
/
/
Category
with
an
optional
sub
-
category
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
(
Graphics
DisplayListBuilding
)
/
/
MarkerOptions
that
keeps
options
like
marker
timing
and
marker
stack
.
Default
:
:
default
(
)
/
/
Marker
payload
.
ExampleNumberMarker
{
number
:
5
}
)
;
.
.
.
.
/
/
Marker
type
definition
.
It
needs
to
derive
Serialize
Deserialize
.
#
[
derive
(
Serialize
Deserialize
Debug
)
]
pub
struct
ExampleNumberMarker
{
number
:
i32
}
/
/
Marker
payload
needs
to
implement
the
ProfilerMarker
trait
.
impl
gecko_profiler
:
:
ProfilerMarker
for
ExampleNumberMarker
{
/
/
Unique
marker
type
name
.
fn
marker_type_name
(
)
-
>
&
'
static
str
{
"
example
number
"
}
/
/
Data
specific
to
this
marker
type
serialized
to
JSON
for
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
.
fn
stream_json_marker_data
(
&
self
json_writer
:
&
mut
gecko_profiler
:
:
JSONWriter
)
{
json_writer
.
int_property
(
"
number
"
self
.
number
.
into
(
)
)
;
}
/
/
Where
and
how
to
display
the
marker
and
its
data
.
fn
marker_type_display
(
)
-
>
gecko_profiler
:
:
MarkerSchema
{
use
gecko_profiler
:
:
marker
:
:
schema
:
:
*
;
let
mut
schema
=
MarkerSchema
:
:
new
(
&
[
Location
:
:
MarkerChart
]
)
;
schema
.
set_chart_label
(
"
Name
:
{
marker
.
name
}
"
)
;
schema
.
add_key_label_format
(
"
number
"
"
Number
"
Format
:
:
Integer
)
;
schema
}
}
Untyped
Markers
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
Untyped
markers
don
'
t
carry
any
information
apart
from
common
marker
data
:
Name
category
options
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
gecko_profiler
:
:
add_untyped_marker
(
/
/
Name
of
the
marker
as
a
string
.
"
Marker
Name
"
/
/
Category
with
an
optional
sub
-
category
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
(
Graphics
DisplayListBuilding
)
/
/
MarkerOptions
that
keeps
options
like
marker
timing
and
marker
stack
.
MarkerOptions
{
timing
:
MarkerTiming
:
:
instant_now
(
)
.
.
Default
:
:
default
(
)
}
)
;
1
.
Marker
name
The
first
argument
is
the
name
of
this
marker
.
This
will
be
displayed
in
most
places
the
marker
is
shown
.
It
can
be
a
literal
string
or
any
dynamic
string
.
2
.
Profiling
category
pair
_
A
category
+
subcategory
pair
from
the
the
list
of
categories
_
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
macro
should
be
used
to
create
a
profiling
category
pair
since
it
'
s
easier
to
use
e
.
g
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
(
JavaScript
Parsing
)
.
Second
parameter
can
be
omitted
to
use
the
default
subcategory
directly
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
macro
is
encouraged
to
use
but
ProfilingCategoryPair
enum
can
also
be
used
if
needed
.
3
.
MarkerOptions
_
See
the
options
below
.
It
can
be
omitted
if
there
are
no
arguments
with
Default
:
:
default
(
)
.
Some
options
can
also
be
omitted
MarkerOptions
{
<
options
>
.
.
Default
:
:
default
(
)
}
with
one
or
more
of
the
following
options
types
:
*
MarkerTiming
_
This
specifies
an
instant
or
interval
of
time
.
It
defaults
to
the
current
instant
if
left
unspecified
.
Otherwise
use
MarkerTiming
:
:
instant_at
(
ProfilerTime
)
or
MarkerTiming
:
:
interval
(
pt1
pt2
)
;
timestamps
are
usually
captured
with
ProfilerTime
:
:
Now
(
)
.
It
is
also
possible
to
record
only
the
start
or
the
end
of
an
interval
pairs
of
start
/
end
markers
will
be
matched
by
their
name
.
*
MarkerStack
_
By
default
markers
do
not
record
a
"
stack
"
(
or
"
backtrace
"
)
.
To
record
a
stack
at
this
point
in
the
most
efficient
manner
specify
MarkerStack
:
:
Full
.
To
capture
a
stack
without
native
frames
for
reduced
overhead
specify
MarkerStack
:
:
NonNative
.
*
Note
:
Currently
all
C
+
+
marker
options
are
not
present
in
the
Rust
side
.
They
will
be
added
in
the
future
.
*
Text
Markers
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
Text
markers
are
very
common
they
carry
an
extra
text
as
a
fourth
argument
in
addition
to
the
marker
name
.
Use
the
following
macro
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
let
info
=
"
info
about
this
marker
"
;
gecko_profiler
:
:
add_text_marker
(
/
/
Name
of
the
marker
as
a
string
.
"
Marker
Name
"
/
/
Category
with
an
optional
sub
-
category
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
(
DOM
)
/
/
MarkerOptions
that
keeps
options
like
marker
timing
and
marker
stack
.
MarkerOptions
{
stack
:
MarkerStack
:
:
Full
.
.
Default
:
:
default
(
)
}
/
/
Additional
information
as
a
string
.
info
)
;
As
useful
as
it
is
using
an
expensive
format
!
operation
to
generate
a
complex
text
comes
with
a
variety
of
issues
.
It
can
leak
potentially
sensitive
information
such
as
URLs
during
the
profile
sharing
step
.
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
cannot
access
the
information
programmatically
.
It
won
'
t
get
the
formatting
benefits
of
the
built
-
in
marker
schema
.
Please
consider
using
a
custom
marker
type
to
separate
and
better
present
the
data
.
Other
Typed
Markers
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
From
Rust
code
a
marker
of
some
type
YourMarker
(
details
about
type
definition
follow
)
can
be
recorded
like
this
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
gecko_profiler
:
:
add_marker
(
/
/
Name
of
the
marker
as
a
string
.
"
Marker
Name
"
/
/
Category
with
an
optional
sub
-
category
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
(
JavaScript
)
/
/
MarkerOptions
that
keeps
options
like
marker
timing
and
marker
stack
.
Default
:
:
default
(
)
/
/
Marker
payload
.
YourMarker
{
number
:
5
text
:
"
some
string
"
.
to_string
(
)
}
)
;
After
the
first
three
common
arguments
(
like
in
gecko_profiler
:
:
add_untyped_marker
)
there
is
a
marker
payload
struct
and
it
needs
to
be
defined
.
Let
'
s
take
a
look
at
how
to
define
it
.
How
to
Define
New
Marker
Types
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
Each
marker
type
must
be
defined
once
and
only
once
.
The
definition
is
a
Rust
struct
it
'
s
constructed
when
recording
markers
of
that
type
in
Rust
.
Each
marker
struct
holds
the
data
that
is
required
for
them
to
show
in
the
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
.
By
convention
the
suffix
"
Marker
"
is
recommended
to
better
distinguish
them
from
non
-
profiler
entities
in
the
source
.
Each
marker
payload
must
derive
serde
:
:
Serialize
and
serde
:
:
Deserialize
.
They
are
also
exported
from
gecko
-
profiler
crate
if
a
project
doesn
'
t
have
it
.
Each
marker
payload
should
include
its
data
as
its
fields
like
this
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
#
[
derive
(
Serialize
Deserialize
Debug
)
]
pub
struct
YourMarker
{
number
:
i32
text
:
String
}
Each
marker
struct
must
also
implement
the
ProfilerMarker
_
trait
.
ProfilerMarker
trait
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
ProfilerMarker
_
trait
must
be
implemented
for
all
marker
types
.
Its
methods
are
similar
to
C
+
+
counterparts
please
refer
to
:
ref
:
the
C
+
+
markers
guide
to
learn
more
about
them
<
how
-
to
-
define
-
new
-
marker
-
types
>
.
It
includes
three
methods
that
needs
to
be
implemented
:
1
.
marker_type_name
(
)
-
>
&
'
static
str
:
A
marker
type
must
have
a
unique
name
it
is
used
to
keep
track
of
the
type
of
markers
in
the
profiler
storage
and
to
identify
them
uniquely
on
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
.
(
It
does
not
need
to
be
the
same
as
the
struct
'
s
name
.
)
E
.
g
.
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
fn
marker_type_name
(
)
-
>
&
'
static
str
{
"
your
marker
type
"
}
2
.
stream_json_marker_data
(
&
self
json_writer
:
&
mut
JSONWriter
)
All
markers
of
any
type
have
some
common
data
:
A
name
a
category
options
like
timing
etc
.
as
previously
explained
.
In
addition
a
certain
marker
type
may
carry
zero
of
more
arbitrary
pieces
of
information
and
they
are
always
the
same
for
all
markers
of
that
type
.
These
are
defined
in
a
special
static
member
function
stream_json_marker_data
.
It
'
s
a
member
method
and
takes
a
&
mut
JSONWriter
as
a
parameter
it
will
be
used
to
stream
the
data
as
JSON
to
later
be
read
by
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
.
See
JSONWriter
object
and
its
methods
_
.
E
.
g
.
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
fn
stream_json_marker_data
(
&
self
json_writer
:
&
mut
JSONWriter
)
{
json_writer
.
int_property
(
"
number
"
self
.
number
.
into
(
)
)
;
json_writer
.
string_property
(
"
text
"
&
self
.
text
)
;
}
3
.
marker_type_display
(
)
-
>
schema
:
:
MarkerSchema
Now
that
how
to
stream
type
-
specific
data
(
from
Firefox
to
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
)
is
defined
it
needs
to
be
described
where
and
how
this
data
will
be
displayed
on
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
.
The
static
member
function
marker_type_display
returns
an
opaque
MarkerSchema
object
which
will
be
forwarded
to
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
.
See
the
MarkerSchema
:
:
Location
enumeration
for
the
full
list
_
.
Also
see
the
MarkerSchema
struct
for
its
possible
methods
_
.
E
.
g
.
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
fn
marker_type_display
(
)
-
>
schema
:
:
MarkerSchema
{
/
/
Import
MarkerSchema
related
types
for
easier
use
.
use
crate
:
:
marker
:
:
schema
:
:
*
;
/
/
Create
a
MarkerSchema
struct
with
a
list
of
locations
provided
.
/
/
One
or
more
constructor
arguments
determine
where
this
marker
will
be
displayed
in
/
/
the
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
UI
.
let
mut
schema
=
MarkerSchema
:
:
new
(
&
[
Location
:
:
MarkerChart
]
)
;
/
/
Some
labels
can
optionally
be
specified
to
display
certain
information
in
different
/
/
locations
:
set_chart_label
set_tooltip_label
and
set_table_label
;
or
/
/
set_all_labels
to
define
all
of
them
the
same
way
.
schema
.
set_all_labels
(
"
{
marker
.
name
}
-
{
marker
.
data
.
number
}
)
;
/
/
Next
define
the
main
display
of
marker
data
which
will
appear
in
the
Marker
Chart
/
/
tooltips
and
the
Marker
Table
sidebar
.
schema
.
add_key_label_format
(
"
number
"
"
Number
"
Format
:
:
Number
)
;
schema
.
add_key_label_format
(
"
text
"
"
Text
"
Format
:
:
String
)
;
schema
.
add_static_label_value
(
"
Help
"
"
This
is
my
own
marker
type
"
)
;
/
/
Lastly
return
the
created
schema
.
schema
}
Note
that
the
strings
in
set_all_labels
may
refer
to
marker
data
within
braces
:
*
{
marker
.
name
}
:
Marker
name
.
*
{
marker
.
data
.
X
}
:
Type
-
specific
data
as
streamed
with
property
name
"
X
"
from
stream_json_marker_data
.
:
ref
:
See
the
C
+
+
markers
guide
for
more
details
about
it
<
marker
-
type
-
display
-
schema
>
.
.
.
_profiling_categories
.
yaml
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
mozglue
/
baseprofiler
/
build
/
profiling_categories
.
yaml
.
.
_Profiling
category
pair
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
__GENERATED__
/
tools
/
profiler
/
rust
-
api
/
src
/
gecko_bindings
/
profiling_categories
.
rs
.
.
_the
list
of
categories
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
mozglue
/
baseprofiler
/
build
/
profiling_categories
.
yaml
.
.
_MarkerOptions
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
define
?
q
=
rust_analyzer
:
:
cargo
:
:
gecko_profiler
:
:
0_1_0
:
:
options
:
:
marker
:
:
MarkerOptions
.
.
_MarkerTiming
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
define
?
q
=
rust_analyzer
:
:
cargo
:
:
gecko_profiler
:
:
0_1_0
:
:
options
:
:
marker
:
:
MarkerTiming
.
.
_MarkerStack
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
define
?
q
=
rust_analyzer
:
:
cargo
:
:
gecko_profiler
:
:
0_1_0
:
:
options
:
:
marker
:
:
[
MarkerStack
]
.
.
_ProfilerMarker
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
define
?
q
=
rust_analyzer
:
:
cargo
:
:
gecko_profiler
:
:
0_1_0
:
:
marker
:
:
ProfilerMarker
.
.
_MarkerSchema
:
:
Location
enumeration
for
the
full
list
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
define
?
q
=
T_mozilla
%
3A
%
3AMarkerSchema
%
3A
%
3ALocation
.
.
_JSONWriter
object
and
its
methods
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
define
?
q
=
rust_analyzer
:
:
cargo
:
:
gecko_profiler
:
:
0_1_0
:
:
json_writer
:
:
JSONWriter
.
.
_MarkerSchema
struct
for
its
possible
methods
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
define
?
q
=
rust_analyzer
:
:
cargo
:
:
gecko_profiler
:
:
0_1_0
:
:
schema
:
:
marker
:
:
MarkerSchema

Commit message:

Bug 1748809 - Document how to update Cargo.lock after adding gecko-profiler rust crate r=aabh,profiler-reviewers
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D222294

UltraBlame original commit: 2990b799422bb25a82bba52fac2d55a77d652dfa

tools/profiler/docs/instrumenting-rust.rst, after:

Instrumenting
Rust
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
There
are
multiple
ways
to
use
the
profiler
with
Rust
.
Native
stack
sampling
already
includes
the
Rust
frames
without
special
handling
.
There
is
the
"
Native
Stacks
"
profiler
feature
(
via
about
:
profiling
)
which
enables
stack
walking
for
native
code
.
This
is
most
likely
turned
on
already
for
every
profiler
presets
.
In
addition
to
that
there
is
a
profiler
Rust
API
to
instrument
the
Rust
code
and
add
more
information
to
the
profile
data
.
There
are
three
main
functionalities
to
use
:
1
.
Register
Rust
threads
with
the
profiler
so
the
profiler
can
record
these
threads
.
2
.
Add
stack
frame
labels
to
annotate
and
categorize
a
part
of
the
stack
.
3
.
Add
markers
to
specifically
mark
instants
in
time
or
durations
.
This
can
be
helpful
to
make
sense
of
a
particular
piece
of
the
code
or
record
events
that
normally
wouldn
'
t
show
up
in
samples
.
Crate
to
Include
as
a
Dependency
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Profiler
Rust
API
is
located
inside
the
gecko
-
profiler
crate
.
This
needs
to
be
included
in
the
project
dependencies
before
the
following
functionalities
can
be
used
.
To
be
able
to
include
it
a
new
dependency
entry
needs
to
be
added
to
the
project
'
s
Cargo
.
toml
file
like
this
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
toml
[
dependencies
]
gecko
-
profiler
=
{
path
=
"
.
.
/
.
.
/
tools
/
profiler
/
rust
-
api
"
}
Note
that
the
relative
path
needs
to
be
updated
depending
on
the
project
'
s
location
in
mozilla
-
central
.
After
updating
Cargo
.
toml
cargo
update
-
p
gkrust
-
shared
needs
to
be
executed
to
update
the
Cargo
.
lock
file
.
Registering
Threads
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
To
be
able
to
see
the
threads
in
the
profile
data
they
need
to
be
registered
with
the
profiler
.
Also
they
need
to
be
unregistered
when
they
are
exiting
.
It
'
s
important
to
give
a
unique
name
to
the
thread
so
they
can
be
filtered
easily
.
Registering
and
unregistering
a
thread
is
straightforward
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
/
/
Register
it
with
a
given
name
.
gecko_profiler
:
:
register_thread
(
"
Thread
Name
"
)
;
/
/
After
doing
some
work
and
right
before
exiting
the
thread
unregister
it
.
gecko_profiler
:
:
unregister_thread
(
)
;
For
example
here
'
s
how
to
register
and
unregister
a
simple
thread
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
let
thread_name
=
"
New
Thread
"
;
std
:
:
thread
:
:
Builder
:
:
new
(
)
.
name
(
thread_name
.
into
(
)
)
.
spawn
(
move
|
|
{
gecko_profiler
:
:
register_thread
(
thread_name
)
;
/
/
DO
SOME
WORK
gecko_profiler
:
:
unregister_thread
(
)
;
}
)
.
unwrap
(
)
;
Or
with
a
thread
pool
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
let
worker
=
rayon
:
:
ThreadPoolBuilder
:
:
new
(
)
.
thread_name
(
move
|
idx
|
format
!
(
"
Worker
#
{
}
"
idx
)
)
.
start_handler
(
move
|
idx
|
{
gecko_profiler
:
:
register_thread
(
&
format
!
(
"
Worker
#
{
}
"
idx
)
)
;
}
)
.
exit_handler
(
|
_idx
|
{
gecko_profiler
:
:
unregister_thread
(
)
;
}
)
.
build
(
)
;
.
.
note
:
:
Registering
a
thread
only
will
not
make
it
appear
in
the
profile
data
.
In
addition
it
needs
to
be
added
to
the
"
Threads
"
filter
in
about
:
profiling
.
This
filter
input
is
a
comma
-
separated
list
.
It
matches
partial
names
and
supports
the
wildcard
*
.
Adding
Stack
Frame
Labels
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Stack
frame
labels
are
useful
for
annotating
a
part
of
the
call
stack
with
a
category
.
The
category
will
appear
in
the
various
places
on
the
Firefox
Profiler
analysis
page
like
timeline
call
tree
tab
flame
graph
tab
etc
.
gecko_profiler_label
!
macro
is
used
to
add
a
new
label
frame
.
The
added
label
frame
will
exist
between
the
call
of
this
macro
and
the
end
of
the
current
scope
.
Adding
a
stack
frame
label
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
/
/
Marking
the
stack
as
"
Layout
"
category
no
subcategory
provided
.
gecko_profiler_label
!
(
Layout
)
;
/
/
Marking
the
stack
as
"
JavaScript
"
category
and
"
Parsing
"
subcategory
.
gecko_profiler_label
!
(
JavaScript
Parsing
)
;
/
/
Or
the
entire
function
scope
can
be
marked
with
a
procedural
macro
.
This
is
/
/
essentially
a
syntactical
sugar
and
it
expands
into
a
function
with
a
/
/
gecko_profiler_label
!
call
at
the
very
start
:
#
[
gecko_profiler_fn_label
(
DOM
)
]
fn
foo
(
bar
:
u32
)
-
>
u32
{
bar
}
See
the
list
of
all
profiling
categories
in
the
profiling_categories
.
yaml
_
file
.
Adding
Markers
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Markers
are
packets
of
arbitrary
data
that
are
added
to
a
profile
by
the
Firefox
code
usually
to
indicate
something
important
happening
at
a
point
in
time
or
during
an
interval
of
time
.
Each
marker
has
a
name
a
category
some
common
optional
information
(
timing
backtrace
etc
.
)
and
an
optional
payload
of
a
specific
type
(
containing
arbitrary
data
relevant
to
that
type
)
.
.
.
note
:
:
This
guide
explains
Rust
markers
in
depth
.
To
learn
more
about
how
to
add
a
marker
in
C
+
+
JavaScript
or
JVM
please
take
a
look
at
their
documentation
in
:
doc
:
markers
-
guide
or
:
doc
:
instrumenting
-
javascript
:
doc
:
instrumenting
-
android
respectively
.
Examples
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
Short
examples
details
are
below
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
/
/
Record
a
simple
marker
with
the
category
of
Graphics
DisplayListBuilding
.
gecko_profiler
:
:
add_untyped_marker
(
/
/
Name
of
the
marker
as
a
string
.
"
Marker
Name
"
/
/
Category
with
an
optional
sub
-
category
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
(
Graphics
DisplayListBuilding
)
/
/
MarkerOptions
that
keeps
options
like
marker
timing
and
marker
stack
.
/
/
It
will
be
a
point
in
type
by
default
.
Default
:
:
default
(
)
)
;
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
/
/
Create
a
marker
with
some
additional
text
information
.
let
info
=
"
info
about
this
marker
"
;
gecko_profiler
:
:
add_text_marker
(
/
/
Name
of
the
marker
as
a
string
.
"
Marker
Name
"
/
/
Category
with
an
optional
sub
-
category
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
(
DOM
)
/
/
MarkerOptions
that
keeps
options
like
marker
timing
and
marker
stack
.
MarkerOptions
{
timing
:
MarkerTiming
:
:
instant_now
(
)
.
.
Default
:
:
default
(
)
}
/
/
Additional
information
as
a
string
.
info
)
;
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
/
/
Record
a
custom
marker
of
type
ExampleNumberMarker
(
see
definition
below
)
.
gecko_profiler
:
:
add_marker
(
/
/
Name
of
the
marker
as
a
string
.
"
Marker
Name
"
/
/
Category
with
an
optional
sub
-
category
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
(
Graphics
DisplayListBuilding
)
/
/
MarkerOptions
that
keeps
options
like
marker
timing
and
marker
stack
.
Default
:
:
default
(
)
/
/
Marker
payload
.
ExampleNumberMarker
{
number
:
5
}
)
;
.
.
.
.
/
/
Marker
type
definition
.
It
needs
to
derive
Serialize
Deserialize
.
#
[
derive
(
Serialize
Deserialize
Debug
)
]
pub
struct
ExampleNumberMarker
{
number
:
i32
}
/
/
Marker
payload
needs
to
implement
the
ProfilerMarker
trait
.
impl
gecko_profiler
:
:
ProfilerMarker
for
ExampleNumberMarker
{
/
/
Unique
marker
type
name
.
fn
marker_type_name
(
)
-
>
&
'
static
str
{
"
example
number
"
}
/
/
Data
specific
to
this
marker
type
serialized
to
JSON
for
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
.
fn
stream_json_marker_data
(
&
self
json_writer
:
&
mut
gecko_profiler
:
:
JSONWriter
)
{
json_writer
.
int_property
(
"
number
"
self
.
number
.
into
(
)
)
;
}
/
/
Where
and
how
to
display
the
marker
and
its
data
.
fn
marker_type_display
(
)
-
>
gecko_profiler
:
:
MarkerSchema
{
use
gecko_profiler
:
:
marker
:
:
schema
:
:
*
;
let
mut
schema
=
MarkerSchema
:
:
new
(
&
[
Location
:
:
MarkerChart
]
)
;
schema
.
set_chart_label
(
"
Name
:
{
marker
.
name
}
"
)
;
schema
.
add_key_label_format
(
"
number
"
"
Number
"
Format
:
:
Integer
)
;
schema
}
}
Untyped
Markers
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
Untyped
markers
don
'
t
carry
any
information
apart
from
common
marker
data
:
Name
category
options
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
gecko_profiler
:
:
add_untyped_marker
(
/
/
Name
of
the
marker
as
a
string
.
"
Marker
Name
"
/
/
Category
with
an
optional
sub
-
category
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
(
Graphics
DisplayListBuilding
)
/
/
MarkerOptions
that
keeps
options
like
marker
timing
and
marker
stack
.
MarkerOptions
{
timing
:
MarkerTiming
:
:
instant_now
(
)
.
.
Default
:
:
default
(
)
}
)
;
1
.
Marker
name
The
first
argument
is
the
name
of
this
marker
.
This
will
be
displayed
in
most
places
the
marker
is
shown
.
It
can
be
a
literal
string
or
any
dynamic
string
.
2
.
Profiling
category
pair
_
A
category
+
subcategory
pair
from
the
the
list
of
categories
_
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
macro
should
be
used
to
create
a
profiling
category
pair
since
it
'
s
easier
to
use
e
.
g
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
(
JavaScript
Parsing
)
.
Second
parameter
can
be
omitted
to
use
the
default
subcategory
directly
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
macro
is
encouraged
to
use
but
ProfilingCategoryPair
enum
can
also
be
used
if
needed
.
3
.
MarkerOptions
_
See
the
options
below
.
It
can
be
omitted
if
there
are
no
arguments
with
Default
:
:
default
(
)
.
Some
options
can
also
be
omitted
MarkerOptions
{
<
options
>
.
.
Default
:
:
default
(
)
}
with
one
or
more
of
the
following
options
types
:
*
MarkerTiming
_
This
specifies
an
instant
or
interval
of
time
.
It
defaults
to
the
current
instant
if
left
unspecified
.
Otherwise
use
MarkerTiming
:
:
instant_at
(
ProfilerTime
)
or
MarkerTiming
:
:
interval
(
pt1
pt2
)
;
timestamps
are
usually
captured
with
ProfilerTime
:
:
Now
(
)
.
It
is
also
possible
to
record
only
the
start
or
the
end
of
an
interval
pairs
of
start
/
end
markers
will
be
matched
by
their
name
.
*
MarkerStack
_
By
default
markers
do
not
record
a
"
stack
"
(
or
"
backtrace
"
)
.
To
record
a
stack
at
this
point
in
the
most
efficient
manner
specify
MarkerStack
:
:
Full
.
To
capture
a
stack
without
native
frames
for
reduced
overhead
specify
MarkerStack
:
:
NonNative
.
*
Note
:
Currently
all
C
+
+
marker
options
are
not
present
in
the
Rust
side
.
They
will
be
added
in
the
future
.
*
Text
Markers
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
Text
markers
are
very
common
they
carry
an
extra
text
as
a
fourth
argument
in
addition
to
the
marker
name
.
Use
the
following
macro
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
let
info
=
"
info
about
this
marker
"
;
gecko_profiler
:
:
add_text_marker
(
/
/
Name
of
the
marker
as
a
string
.
"
Marker
Name
"
/
/
Category
with
an
optional
sub
-
category
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
(
DOM
)
/
/
MarkerOptions
that
keeps
options
like
marker
timing
and
marker
stack
.
MarkerOptions
{
stack
:
MarkerStack
:
:
Full
.
.
Default
:
:
default
(
)
}
/
/
Additional
information
as
a
string
.
info
)
;
As
useful
as
it
is
using
an
expensive
format
!
operation
to
generate
a
complex
text
comes
with
a
variety
of
issues
.
It
can
leak
potentially
sensitive
information
such
as
URLs
during
the
profile
sharing
step
.
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
cannot
access
the
information
programmatically
.
It
won
'
t
get
the
formatting
benefits
of
the
built
-
in
marker
schema
.
Please
consider
using
a
custom
marker
type
to
separate
and
better
present
the
data
.
Other
Typed
Markers
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
From
Rust
code
a
marker
of
some
type
YourMarker
(
details
about
type
definition
follow
)
can
be
recorded
like
this
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
gecko_profiler
:
:
add_marker
(
/
/
Name
of
the
marker
as
a
string
.
"
Marker
Name
"
/
/
Category
with
an
optional
sub
-
category
.
gecko_profiler_category
!
(
JavaScript
)
/
/
MarkerOptions
that
keeps
options
like
marker
timing
and
marker
stack
.
Default
:
:
default
(
)
/
/
Marker
payload
.
YourMarker
{
number
:
5
text
:
"
some
string
"
.
to_string
(
)
}
)
;
After
the
first
three
common
arguments
(
like
in
gecko_profiler
:
:
add_untyped_marker
)
there
is
a
marker
payload
struct
and
it
needs
to
be
defined
.
Let
'
s
take
a
look
at
how
to
define
it
.
How
to
Define
New
Marker
Types
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
^
Each
marker
type
must
be
defined
once
and
only
once
.
The
definition
is
a
Rust
struct
it
'
s
constructed
when
recording
markers
of
that
type
in
Rust
.
Each
marker
struct
holds
the
data
that
is
required
for
them
to
show
in
the
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
.
By
convention
the
suffix
"
Marker
"
is
recommended
to
better
distinguish
them
from
non
-
profiler
entities
in
the
source
.
Each
marker
payload
must
derive
serde
:
:
Serialize
and
serde
:
:
Deserialize
.
They
are
also
exported
from
gecko
-
profiler
crate
if
a
project
doesn
'
t
have
it
.
Each
marker
payload
should
include
its
data
as
its
fields
like
this
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
#
[
derive
(
Serialize
Deserialize
Debug
)
]
pub
struct
YourMarker
{
number
:
i32
text
:
String
}
Each
marker
struct
must
also
implement
the
ProfilerMarker
_
trait
.
ProfilerMarker
trait
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
*
ProfilerMarker
_
trait
must
be
implemented
for
all
marker
types
.
Its
methods
are
similar
to
C
+
+
counterparts
please
refer
to
:
ref
:
the
C
+
+
markers
guide
to
learn
more
about
them
<
how
-
to
-
define
-
new
-
marker
-
types
>
.
It
includes
three
methods
that
needs
to
be
implemented
:
1
.
marker_type_name
(
)
-
>
&
'
static
str
:
A
marker
type
must
have
a
unique
name
it
is
used
to
keep
track
of
the
type
of
markers
in
the
profiler
storage
and
to
identify
them
uniquely
on
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
.
(
It
does
not
need
to
be
the
same
as
the
struct
'
s
name
.
)
E
.
g
.
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
fn
marker_type_name
(
)
-
>
&
'
static
str
{
"
your
marker
type
"
}
2
.
stream_json_marker_data
(
&
self
json_writer
:
&
mut
JSONWriter
)
All
markers
of
any
type
have
some
common
data
:
A
name
a
category
options
like
timing
etc
.
as
previously
explained
.
In
addition
a
certain
marker
type
may
carry
zero
of
more
arbitrary
pieces
of
information
and
they
are
always
the
same
for
all
markers
of
that
type
.
These
are
defined
in
a
special
static
member
function
stream_json_marker_data
.
It
'
s
a
member
method
and
takes
a
&
mut
JSONWriter
as
a
parameter
it
will
be
used
to
stream
the
data
as
JSON
to
later
be
read
by
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
.
See
JSONWriter
object
and
its
methods
_
.
E
.
g
.
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
fn
stream_json_marker_data
(
&
self
json_writer
:
&
mut
JSONWriter
)
{
json_writer
.
int_property
(
"
number
"
self
.
number
.
into
(
)
)
;
json_writer
.
string_property
(
"
text
"
&
self
.
text
)
;
}
3
.
marker_type_display
(
)
-
>
schema
:
:
MarkerSchema
Now
that
how
to
stream
type
-
specific
data
(
from
Firefox
to
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
)
is
defined
it
needs
to
be
described
where
and
how
this
data
will
be
displayed
on
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
.
The
static
member
function
marker_type_display
returns
an
opaque
MarkerSchema
object
which
will
be
forwarded
to
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
.
See
the
MarkerSchema
:
:
Location
enumeration
for
the
full
list
_
.
Also
see
the
MarkerSchema
struct
for
its
possible
methods
_
.
E
.
g
.
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
rust
fn
marker_type_display
(
)
-
>
schema
:
:
MarkerSchema
{
/
/
Import
MarkerSchema
related
types
for
easier
use
.
use
crate
:
:
marker
:
:
schema
:
:
*
;
/
/
Create
a
MarkerSchema
struct
with
a
list
of
locations
provided
.
/
/
One
or
more
constructor
arguments
determine
where
this
marker
will
be
displayed
in
/
/
the
profiler
.
firefox
.
com
UI
.
let
mut
schema
=
MarkerSchema
:
:
new
(
&
[
Location
:
:
MarkerChart
]
)
;
/
/
Some
labels
can
optionally
be
specified
to
display
certain
information
in
different
/
/
locations
:
set_chart_label
set_tooltip_label
and
set_table_label
;
or
/
/
set_all_labels
to
define
all
of
them
the
same
way
.
schema
.
set_all_labels
(
"
{
marker
.
name
}
-
{
marker
.
data
.
number
}
)
;
/
/
Next
define
the
main
display
of
marker
data
which
will
appear
in
the
Marker
Chart
/
/
tooltips
and
the
Marker
Table
sidebar
.
schema
.
add_key_label_format
(
"
number
"
"
Number
"
Format
:
:
Number
)
;
schema
.
add_key_label_format
(
"
text
"
"
Text
"
Format
:
:
String
)
;
schema
.
add_static_label_value
(
"
Help
"
"
This
is
my
own
marker
type
"
)
;
/
/
Lastly
return
the
created
schema
.
schema
}
Note
that
the
strings
in
set_all_labels
may
refer
to
marker
data
within
braces
:
*
{
marker
.
name
}
:
Marker
name
.
*
{
marker
.
data
.
X
}
:
Type
-
specific
data
as
streamed
with
property
name
"
X
"
from
stream_json_marker_data
.
:
ref
:
See
the
C
+
+
markers
guide
for
more
details
about
it
<
marker
-
type
-
display
-
schema
>
.
.
.
_profiling_categories
.
yaml
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
mozglue
/
baseprofiler
/
build
/
profiling_categories
.
yaml
.
.
_Profiling
category
pair
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
__GENERATED__
/
tools
/
profiler
/
rust
-
api
/
src
/
gecko_bindings
/
profiling_categories
.
rs
.
.
_the
list
of
categories
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
mozglue
/
baseprofiler
/
build
/
profiling_categories
.
yaml
.
.
_MarkerOptions
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
define
?
q
=
rust_analyzer
:
:
cargo
:
:
gecko_profiler
:
:
0_1_0
:
:
options
:
:
marker
:
:
MarkerOptions
.
.
_MarkerTiming
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
define
?
q
=
rust_analyzer
:
:
cargo
:
:
gecko_profiler
:
:
0_1_0
:
:
options
:
:
marker
:
:
MarkerTiming
.
.
_MarkerStack
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
define
?
q
=
rust_analyzer
:
:
cargo
:
:
gecko_profiler
:
:
0_1_0
:
:
options
:
:
marker
:
:
[
MarkerStack
]
.
.
_ProfilerMarker
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
define
?
q
=
rust_analyzer
:
:
cargo
:
:
gecko_profiler
:
:
0_1_0
:
:
marker
:
:
ProfilerMarker
.
.
_MarkerSchema
:
:
Location
enumeration
for
the
full
list
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
define
?
q
=
T_mozilla
%
3A
%
3AMarkerSchema
%
3A
%
3ALocation
.
.
_JSONWriter
object
and
its
methods
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
define
?
q
=
rust_analyzer
:
:
cargo
:
:
gecko_profiler
:
:
0_1_0
:
:
json_writer
:
:
JSONWriter
.
.
_MarkerSchema
struct
for
its
possible
methods
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
define
?
q
=
rust_analyzer
:
:
cargo
:
:
gecko_profiler
:
:
0_1_0
:
:
schema
:
:
marker
:
:
MarkerSchema
