toolkit/components/telemetry/docs/internals/review.rst, before:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Telemetry
review
guidelines
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
General
guidelines
for
reviewing
changes
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
These
are
the
general
principles
we
follow
when
reviewing
changes
.
-
*
Be
constructive
.
*
Both
reviewers
and
patch
authors
should
be
allies
that
aim
to
get
the
change
landed
together
.
-
*
Consider
the
impact
.
*
We
deliver
critical
data
that
is
processed
and
used
by
many
systems
and
people
.
Any
disruption
should
be
planned
and
intentional
.
-
*
Be
diligent
.
*
All
changes
should
be
tested
under
typical
conditions
.
-
*
Know
your
limits
.
*
Defer
to
other
peers
or
experts
where
sensible
.
Main
considerations
for
any
change
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
any
change
these
are
the
fundamental
questions
that
we
always
need
satisfactory
answers
for
.
-
Does
this
have
a
plan
?
-
Is
there
a
specific
need
to
do
this
?
-
Does
this
change
need
a
proposal
<
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
Fx
-
Data
-
Planning
/
blob
/
master
/
process
/
ProposalProcess
.
md
>
_
first
?
-
Do
we
need
to
announce
this
before
we
do
this
?
(
e
.
g
.
for
deprecations
<
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
Fx
-
Data
-
Planning
/
blob
/
master
/
process
/
Deprecation
.
md
>
_
)
-
Does
this
involve
the
right
people
?
-
Does
this
change
need
input
from
.
.
.
A
data
engineer
?
A
data
scientist
?
-
Does
this
change
need
data
review
?
-
Is
this
change
complete
?
-
Does
this
change
have
sufficient
test
coverage
?
-
Does
this
change
have
sufficient
documentation
?
-
Do
we
need
follow
-
ups
?
-
Do
we
need
to
file
validation
bugs
?
Or
other
follow
-
up
bugs
?
-
Do
we
need
to
communicate
this
to
our
users
?
Or
other
groups
?
Additional
considerations
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Besides
the
basic
considerations
above
these
are
additional
detailed
considerations
that
help
with
reviewing
changes
.
Considerations
for
all
changes
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Follow
our
standards
and
best
practices
.
-
Firefox
Desktop
:
-
The
Mozilla
coding
style
<
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Developer_guide
/
Coding_Style
>
_
-
The
toolkit
code
review
guidelines
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Toolkit
/
Code_Review
>
_
-
Mobile
:
-
Android
/
Kotlin
code
style
<
https
:
/
/
kotlinlang
.
org
/
docs
/
reference
/
coding
-
conventions
.
html
>
_
-
iOS
/
Swift
code
style
<
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
firefox
-
ios
/
wiki
/
Swift
-
Style
-
Guides
>
_
-
Does
this
impact
performance
significantly
?
:
-
Don
'
t
delay
application
initialisation
(
unless
absolutely
necessary
)
.
-
Don
'
t
ever
block
on
network
requests
.
-
Make
longer
tasks
async
whenever
feasible
.
-
Does
this
affect
products
more
broadly
than
expected
?
-
Consider
all
our
platforms
:
Windows
Mac
Linux
Android
.
-
Consider
all
our
products
:
Firefox
Fennec
GeckoView
Glean
.
-
Sanity
checking
:
-
How
does
this
behave
in
a
release
build
?
Have
you
tested
this
?
-
Does
this
change
contain
test
coverage
?
We
require
test
coverage
for
every
new
code
changes
and
bug
fixes
.
-
Does
this
need
documentation
updates
?
-
To
the
in
-
tree
docs
<
https
:
/
/
firefox
-
source
-
docs
.
mozilla
.
org
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
telemetry
/
>
_
?
-
To
the
firefox
-
data
-
docs
<
https
:
/
/
docs
.
telemetry
.
mozilla
.
org
/
>
_
(
repository
<
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
firefox
-
data
-
docs
>
_
)
?
-
To
the
glean
documentation
<
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
android
-
components
/
tree
/
master
/
components
/
service
/
glean
>
_
?
-
Following
up
:
-
Do
we
have
a
validation
bug
filed
yet
?
-
Do
all
TODOs
have
follow
-
up
bugs
filed
?
-
Do
we
need
to
communicate
this
to
our
users
?
-
fx
-
data
-
dev
<
https
:
/
/
mail
.
mozilla
.
org
/
listinfo
/
fx
-
data
-
dev
>
_
(
Main
Firefox
data
list
)
-
firefox
-
dev
<
https
:
/
/
mail
.
mozilla
.
org
/
listinfo
/
firefox
-
dev
>
_
(
Firefox
application
developers
)
-
dev
-
platform
<
https
:
/
/
lists
.
mozilla
.
org
/
listinfo
/
dev
-
platform
>
_
(
Gecko
/
platform
developers
)
-
mobile
-
firefox
-
dev
<
https
:
/
/
mail
.
mozilla
.
org
/
listinfo
/
mobile
-
firefox
-
dev
>
_
(
Mobile
developers
)
-
fx
-
team
(
Firefox
staff
)
-
Do
we
need
to
communicate
this
to
other
groups
?
-
Data
engineering
data
science
data
stewards
.
.
.
?
Consider
the
impact
on
others
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Could
this
change
break
upstream
pipeline
jobs
?
-
Does
this
change
the
format
of
outgoing
data
in
an
unhandled
way
?
-
E
.
g
.
by
adding
removing
or
changing
the
type
of
a
non
-
metric
payload
field
.
-
Does
this
require
ping
schema
updates
?
-
Does
this
break
jobs
that
parse
the
registry
files
for
metrics
?
(
Scalars
.
yaml
metrics
.
yaml
etc
.
)
-
Do
we
need
to
involve
others
?
-
Changes
to
data
formats
ping
contents
ping
semantics
etc
.
require
involving
a
data
engineer
.
-
Changes
to
any
outgoing
data
that
is
in
active
use
require
involving
the
stakeholders
(
e
.
g
.
data
scientists
)
.
Considerations
for
Firefox
Desktop
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
For
profiles
:
-
How
does
using
different
profiles
affect
this
?
-
How
does
switching
between
profiles
affect
this
?
-
What
happens
when
users
switch
between
different
channels
?
-
Footguns
:
-
Does
this
have
side
-
effects
on
Fennec
?
(
Unified
Telemetry
is
off
there
so
behavior
is
pretty
different
.
)
-
Is
your
code
gated
on
prefs
build
info
channels
?
Tests
should
cover
that
.
-
If
test
is
gated
on
isUnified
code
should
be
too
(
and
vice
-
versa
)
-
Test
for
the
other
case
-
Any
code
using
new
Date
(
)
should
get
additional
scrutiny
-
Code
using
new
Date
(
)
should
be
using
Policy
so
it
can
be
mocked
-
Tests
using
new
Date
(
)
should
use
specific
dates
not
the
current
one
-
How
does
this
impact
Build
Faster
support
/
Artifact
builds
/
Dynamic
builtin
scalars
or
events
?
Will
this
be
testable
by
others
on
artifact
builds
?
-
We
work
in
the
open
:
Does
the
change
include
words
that
might
scare
end
users
?
-
How
does
this
handle
client
id
resets
?
-
How
does
this
handle
users
opting
out
of
data
collection
?

Commit message:

Bug 1522853 - Document that Telemetry prefers non-String APIs where possible. r=janerik
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D18862

UltraBlame original commit: 0ee39773e0ac78c120824b59f6fd335ef547baa8

toolkit/components/telemetry/docs/internals/review.rst, after:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Telemetry
review
guidelines
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
General
guidelines
for
reviewing
changes
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
These
are
the
general
principles
we
follow
when
reviewing
changes
.
-
*
Be
constructive
.
*
Both
reviewers
and
patch
authors
should
be
allies
that
aim
to
get
the
change
landed
together
.
-
*
Consider
the
impact
.
*
We
deliver
critical
data
that
is
processed
and
used
by
many
systems
and
people
.
Any
disruption
should
be
planned
and
intentional
.
-
*
Be
diligent
.
*
All
changes
should
be
tested
under
typical
conditions
.
-
*
Know
your
limits
.
*
Defer
to
other
peers
or
experts
where
sensible
.
Main
considerations
for
any
change
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
any
change
these
are
the
fundamental
questions
that
we
always
need
satisfactory
answers
for
.
-
Does
this
have
a
plan
?
-
Is
there
a
specific
need
to
do
this
?
-
Does
this
change
need
a
proposal
<
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
Fx
-
Data
-
Planning
/
blob
/
master
/
process
/
ProposalProcess
.
md
>
_
first
?
-
Do
we
need
to
announce
this
before
we
do
this
?
(
e
.
g
.
for
deprecations
<
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
Fx
-
Data
-
Planning
/
blob
/
master
/
process
/
Deprecation
.
md
>
_
)
-
Does
this
involve
the
right
people
?
-
Does
this
change
need
input
from
.
.
.
A
data
engineer
?
A
data
scientist
?
-
Does
this
change
need
data
review
?
-
Is
this
change
complete
?
-
Does
this
change
have
sufficient
test
coverage
?
-
Does
this
change
have
sufficient
documentation
?
-
Do
we
need
follow
-
ups
?
-
Do
we
need
to
file
validation
bugs
?
Or
other
follow
-
up
bugs
?
-
Do
we
need
to
communicate
this
to
our
users
?
Or
other
groups
?
Additional
considerations
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Besides
the
basic
considerations
above
these
are
additional
detailed
considerations
that
help
with
reviewing
changes
.
Considerations
for
all
changes
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Follow
our
standards
and
best
practices
.
-
Firefox
Desktop
:
-
The
Mozilla
coding
style
<
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Developer_guide
/
Coding_Style
>
_
-
The
toolkit
code
review
guidelines
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Toolkit
/
Code_Review
>
_
-
Mobile
:
-
Android
/
Kotlin
code
style
<
https
:
/
/
kotlinlang
.
org
/
docs
/
reference
/
coding
-
conventions
.
html
>
_
-
iOS
/
Swift
code
style
<
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
firefox
-
ios
/
wiki
/
Swift
-
Style
-
Guides
>
_
-
Does
this
impact
performance
significantly
?
:
-
Don
'
t
delay
application
initialisation
(
unless
absolutely
necessary
)
.
-
Don
'
t
ever
block
on
network
requests
.
-
Make
longer
tasks
async
whenever
feasible
.
-
Does
this
affect
products
more
broadly
than
expected
?
-
Consider
all
our
platforms
:
Windows
Mac
Linux
Android
.
-
Consider
all
our
products
:
Firefox
Fennec
GeckoView
Glean
.
-
Does
this
fall
afoul
of
common
architectural
failures
?
-
Prefer
APIs
that
take
non
-
String
types
unless
writing
a
parser
.
-
Sanity
checking
:
-
How
does
this
behave
in
a
release
build
?
Have
you
tested
this
?
-
Does
this
change
contain
test
coverage
?
We
require
test
coverage
for
every
new
code
changes
and
bug
fixes
.
-
Does
this
need
documentation
updates
?
-
To
the
in
-
tree
docs
<
https
:
/
/
firefox
-
source
-
docs
.
mozilla
.
org
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
telemetry
/
>
_
?
-
To
the
firefox
-
data
-
docs
<
https
:
/
/
docs
.
telemetry
.
mozilla
.
org
/
>
_
(
repository
<
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
firefox
-
data
-
docs
>
_
)
?
-
To
the
glean
documentation
<
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
-
mobile
/
android
-
components
/
tree
/
master
/
components
/
service
/
glean
>
_
?
-
Following
up
:
-
Do
we
have
a
validation
bug
filed
yet
?
-
Do
all
TODOs
have
follow
-
up
bugs
filed
?
-
Do
we
need
to
communicate
this
to
our
users
?
-
fx
-
data
-
dev
<
https
:
/
/
mail
.
mozilla
.
org
/
listinfo
/
fx
-
data
-
dev
>
_
(
Main
Firefox
data
list
)
-
firefox
-
dev
<
https
:
/
/
mail
.
mozilla
.
org
/
listinfo
/
firefox
-
dev
>
_
(
Firefox
application
developers
)
-
dev
-
platform
<
https
:
/
/
lists
.
mozilla
.
org
/
listinfo
/
dev
-
platform
>
_
(
Gecko
/
platform
developers
)
-
mobile
-
firefox
-
dev
<
https
:
/
/
mail
.
mozilla
.
org
/
listinfo
/
mobile
-
firefox
-
dev
>
_
(
Mobile
developers
)
-
fx
-
team
(
Firefox
staff
)
-
Do
we
need
to
communicate
this
to
other
groups
?
-
Data
engineering
data
science
data
stewards
.
.
.
?
Consider
the
impact
on
others
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Could
this
change
break
upstream
pipeline
jobs
?
-
Does
this
change
the
format
of
outgoing
data
in
an
unhandled
way
?
-
E
.
g
.
by
adding
removing
or
changing
the
type
of
a
non
-
metric
payload
field
.
-
Does
this
require
ping
schema
updates
?
-
Does
this
break
jobs
that
parse
the
registry
files
for
metrics
?
(
Scalars
.
yaml
metrics
.
yaml
etc
.
)
-
Do
we
need
to
involve
others
?
-
Changes
to
data
formats
ping
contents
ping
semantics
etc
.
require
involving
a
data
engineer
.
-
Changes
to
any
outgoing
data
that
is
in
active
use
require
involving
the
stakeholders
(
e
.
g
.
data
scientists
)
.
Considerations
for
Firefox
Desktop
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
For
profiles
:
-
How
does
using
different
profiles
affect
this
?
-
How
does
switching
between
profiles
affect
this
?
-
What
happens
when
users
switch
between
different
channels
?
-
Footguns
:
-
Does
this
have
side
-
effects
on
Fennec
?
(
Unified
Telemetry
is
off
there
so
behavior
is
pretty
different
.
)
-
Is
your
code
gated
on
prefs
build
info
channels
?
Tests
should
cover
that
.
-
If
test
is
gated
on
isUnified
code
should
be
too
(
and
vice
-
versa
)
-
Test
for
the
other
case
-
Any
code
using
new
Date
(
)
should
get
additional
scrutiny
-
Code
using
new
Date
(
)
should
be
using
Policy
so
it
can
be
mocked
-
Tests
using
new
Date
(
)
should
use
specific
dates
not
the
current
one
-
How
does
this
impact
Build
Faster
support
/
Artifact
builds
/
Dynamic
builtin
scalars
or
events
?
Will
this
be
testable
by
others
on
artifact
builds
?
-
We
work
in
the
open
:
Does
the
change
include
words
that
might
scare
end
users
?
-
How
does
this
handle
client
id
resets
?
-
How
does
this
handle
users
opting
out
of
data
collection
?
