testing/eslint-plugin-mozilla/docs/index.rst, before:

.
.
_index
:
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Mozilla
ESLint
Plugin
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
balanced
-
listeners
checks
that
every
addEventListener
has
a
removeEventListener
(
and
does
the
same
for
on
/
off
)
.
components
-
imports
adds
the
filename
of
imported
files
e
.
g
.
Cu
.
import
(
"
some
/
path
/
Blah
.
jsm
"
)
adds
Blah
to
the
global
scope
.
import
-
globals
-
from
When
the
"
import
-
globals
-
from
<
path
>
"
comment
is
found
in
a
file
then
all
globals
from
the
file
at
<
path
>
will
be
imported
in
the
current
scope
.
import
-
headjs
-
globals
imports
globals
from
head
.
js
and
from
any
files
that
should
be
imported
by
head
.
js
(
as
far
as
we
can
correctly
resolve
the
path
)
.
mark
-
test
-
function
-
used
simply
marks
test
(
the
test
method
)
as
used
.
This
avoids
ESLint
telling
us
that
the
function
is
never
called
.
no
-
aArgs
prevents
using
the
hungarian
notation
in
function
arguments
.
no
-
cpows
-
in
-
tests
This
rule
checks
if
the
file
is
a
browser
mochitest
and
if
so
checks
for
possible
CPOW
usage
.
Note
:
These
are
string
matches
so
we
will
miss
situations
where
the
parent
object
is
assigned
to
another
variable
e
.
g
.
:
:
var
b
=
gBrowser
;
b
.
content
/
/
Would
not
be
detected
as
a
CPOW
.
var
-
only
-
at
-
top
-
level
marks
all
var
declarations
that
are
not
at
the
top
level
invalid
.
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Possible
values
for
all
rules
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Value
|
Meaning
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
0
|
Deactivated
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
1
|
Warning
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
2
|
Error
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
Example
configuration
:
:
"
rules
"
:
{
"
mozilla
/
balanced
-
listeners
"
:
2
"
mozilla
/
components
-
imports
"
:
1
"
mozilla
/
import
-
globals
-
from
"
:
1
"
mozilla
/
import
-
headjs
-
globals
"
:
1
"
mozilla
/
mark
-
test
-
function
-
used
"
:
1
"
mozilla
/
var
-
only
-
at
-
top
-
level
"
:
1
"
mozilla
/
no
-
cpows
-
in
-
tests
"
:
1
}
.
.
toctree
:
:
:
maxdepth
:
1
balanced
-
listeners
components
-
imports
import
-
globals
-
from
import
-
headjs
-
globals
mark
-
test
-
function
-
used
no
-
aArgs
no
-
cpows
-
in
-
tests
var
-
only
-
at
-
top
-
level

Commit message:

Bug 1224289 - add eslint rule to reject Cu.importGlobalProperties; r=mikeratcliffe
UltraBlame original commit: 762bf199bb067d7e43335cbd85a3b2391161935a

testing/eslint-plugin-mozilla/docs/index.rst, after:

.
.
_index
:
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Mozilla
ESLint
Plugin
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
balanced
-
listeners
checks
that
every
addEventListener
has
a
removeEventListener
(
and
does
the
same
for
on
/
off
)
.
components
-
imports
adds
the
filename
of
imported
files
e
.
g
.
Cu
.
import
(
"
some
/
path
/
Blah
.
jsm
"
)
adds
Blah
to
the
global
scope
.
import
-
globals
-
from
When
the
"
import
-
globals
-
from
<
path
>
"
comment
is
found
in
a
file
then
all
globals
from
the
file
at
<
path
>
will
be
imported
in
the
current
scope
.
import
-
headjs
-
globals
imports
globals
from
head
.
js
and
from
any
files
that
should
be
imported
by
head
.
js
(
as
far
as
we
can
correctly
resolve
the
path
)
.
mark
-
test
-
function
-
used
simply
marks
test
(
the
test
method
)
as
used
.
This
avoids
ESLint
telling
us
that
the
function
is
never
called
.
no
-
aArgs
prevents
using
the
hungarian
notation
in
function
arguments
.
no
-
cpows
-
in
-
tests
This
rule
checks
if
the
file
is
a
browser
mochitest
and
if
so
checks
for
possible
CPOW
usage
.
reject
-
importGlobalProperties
This
rule
rejects
calls
to
"
Cu
.
importGlobalProperties
"
.
Use
of
this
function
is
undesirable
in
some
parts
of
the
tree
.
Note
:
These
are
string
matches
so
we
will
miss
situations
where
the
parent
object
is
assigned
to
another
variable
e
.
g
.
:
:
var
b
=
gBrowser
;
b
.
content
/
/
Would
not
be
detected
as
a
CPOW
.
var
-
only
-
at
-
top
-
level
marks
all
var
declarations
that
are
not
at
the
top
level
invalid
.
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Possible
values
for
all
rules
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Value
|
Meaning
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
0
|
Deactivated
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
1
|
Warning
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
2
|
Error
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
Example
configuration
:
:
"
rules
"
:
{
"
mozilla
/
balanced
-
listeners
"
:
2
"
mozilla
/
components
-
imports
"
:
1
"
mozilla
/
import
-
globals
-
from
"
:
1
"
mozilla
/
import
-
headjs
-
globals
"
:
1
"
mozilla
/
mark
-
test
-
function
-
used
"
:
1
"
mozilla
/
var
-
only
-
at
-
top
-
level
"
:
1
"
mozilla
/
no
-
cpows
-
in
-
tests
"
:
1
}
.
.
toctree
:
:
:
maxdepth
:
1
balanced
-
listeners
components
-
imports
import
-
globals
-
from
import
-
headjs
-
globals
mark
-
test
-
function
-
used
no
-
aArgs
no
-
cpows
-
in
-
tests
reject
-
importGlobalProperties
var
-
only
-
at
-
top
-
level
