remote/doc/Building.md, before:

Building
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
remote
agent
is
included
in
the
default
Firefox
build
but
disabled
by
default
.
To
expose
the
remote
agent
you
can
set
the
remote
.
enabled
preference
to
true
before
running
it
:
%
.
/
mach
run
-
-
setpref
=
"
remote
.
enabled
=
true
"
-
-
remote
-
debugger
The
source
code
is
found
under
(
topsrcdir
)
/
remote
.
Full
build
mode
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
remote
agent
supports
only
Firefox
and
is
included
when
you
build
in
the
usual
way
:
%
.
/
mach
build
When
you
make
changes
to
XPCOM
component
files
you
need
to
rebuild
in
order
for
the
changes
to
take
effect
.
The
most
efficient
way
to
do
this
provided
you
haven
t
touched
any
compiled
code
(
C
+
+
or
Rust
)
:
%
.
/
mach
build
faster
Component
files
include
the
likes
of
command
-
line
-
handler
.
js
RemoteAgent
.
manifest
moz
.
build
files
and
jar
.
mn
.
All
the
JS
modules
(
files
ending
with
.
jsm
)
are
symlinked
into
the
build
and
can
be
changed
without
rebuilding
.
You
may
also
opt
out
of
building
the
remote
agent
entirely
by
setting
the
-
-
disable
-
cdp
build
flag
in
your
[
mozconfig
]
:
ac_add_options
-
-
disable
-
cdp
Artifact
mode
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
You
may
also
use
[
artifact
builds
]
when
working
on
the
remote
agent
.
This
fast
build
mode
downloads
pre
-
built
components
from
the
Mozilla
build
servers
rendering
local
compilation
unnecessary
.
To
use
them
place
this
in
your
[
mozconfig
]
:
ac_add_options
-
-
enable
-
artifact
-
builds
[
mozconfig
]
:
.
.
/
build
/
buildsystem
/
mozconfigs
.
html
[
artifact
builds
]
:
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Developer_guide
/
Build_Instructions
/
Artifact_builds

Commit message:

bug 1600081: remote: correct build instructions for startup r=remote-protocol-reviewers,whimboo
With bug 1543115 we saw a rewrite of the startup code path in the
remote agent.  It forgot to update the build instructions to mention
that changes to the Rust code requires you to have a full build available.

DONTBUILD

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D55130

UltraBlame original commit: 7eda5e456b2a00873deb44f94c58973236deee66

remote/doc/Building.md, after:

Building
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
remote
agent
is
included
in
the
default
Firefox
build
but
disabled
by
default
.
To
expose
the
remote
agent
you
can
set
the
remote
.
enabled
preference
to
true
before
running
it
:
%
.
/
mach
run
-
-
setpref
=
"
remote
.
enabled
=
true
"
-
-
remote
-
debugger
The
source
code
is
found
under
(
topsrcdir
)
/
remote
.
Full
build
mode
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
remote
agent
supports
only
Firefox
and
is
included
when
you
build
in
the
usual
way
:
%
.
/
mach
build
When
you
make
changes
to
XPCOM
component
files
you
need
to
rebuild
in
order
for
the
changes
to
take
effect
.
The
most
efficient
way
to
do
this
provided
you
haven
t
touched
any
compiled
code
(
C
+
+
or
Rust
)
:
%
.
/
mach
build
faster
Component
files
include
the
likes
of
components
.
conf
RemoteAgent
.
manifest
moz
.
build
files
and
jar
.
mn
.
All
the
JS
modules
(
files
ending
with
.
jsm
)
are
symlinked
into
the
build
and
can
be
changed
without
rebuilding
.
The
remote
agent
s
startup
code
found
under
remote
/
startup
/
is
written
in
Rust
and
requires
rebuilds
when
changed
.
You
may
also
opt
out
of
building
the
remote
agent
entirely
by
setting
the
-
-
disable
-
cdp
build
flag
in
your
[
mozconfig
]
:
ac_add_options
-
-
disable
-
cdp
Artifact
mode
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
You
may
also
use
[
artifact
builds
]
when
working
on
the
remote
agent
.
This
fast
build
mode
downloads
pre
-
built
components
from
the
Mozilla
build
servers
rendering
local
compilation
unnecessary
.
To
use
them
place
this
in
your
[
mozconfig
]
:
ac_add_options
-
-
enable
-
artifact
-
builds
[
mozconfig
]
:
.
.
/
build
/
buildsystem
/
mozconfigs
.
html
[
artifact
builds
]
:
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Developer_guide
/
Build_Instructions
/
Artifact_builds
