third_party/libwebrtc/docs/bug-reporting.md, before:

There
are
a
couple
bug
trackers
relevant
to
WebRTC
:
*
[
crbug
.
com
]
(
https
:
/
/
crbug
.
com
)
-
-
for
Chrome
.
*
[
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
]
(
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
)
-
-
for
Firefox
.
*
[
bugs
.
webkit
.
org
]
(
https
:
/
/
bugs
.
webkit
.
org
/
)
-
-
for
Safari
.
*
[
developer
.
microsoft
.
com
]
(
https
:
/
/
developer
.
microsoft
.
com
/
en
-
us
/
microsoft
-
edge
/
platform
/
issues
/
)
-
-
for
Microsoft
Edge
.
*
[
bugs
.
opera
.
com
/
wizard
]
(
https
:
/
/
bugs
.
opera
.
com
/
wizard
/
)
-
-
for
Opera
.
*
[
bugs
.
webrtc
.
org
]
(
http
:
/
/
bugs
.
webrtc
.
org
)
-
-
for
WebRTC
native
code
.
Anyone
with
a
[
Google
account
]
[
1
]
can
file
bugs
in
the
Chrome
and
WebRTC
trackers
and
they
'
re
continuously
triaged
by
Chrome
and
WebRTC
engineers
.
#
#
#
How
to
File
a
Good
Bug
Report
#
#
#
#
Instructions
*
Identify
which
bug
tracker
to
use
:
*
If
you
'
re
hitting
a
problem
in
Chrome
file
the
bug
using
the
[
the
Chromium
issue
wizard
]
(
https
:
/
/
chromiumbugs
.
appspot
.
com
/
?
token
=
0
)
Choose
"
Web
Developer
"
and
"
API
"
then
fill
out
the
form
.
For
the
component
choose
*
Blink
>
GetUserMedia
for
camera
/
microphone
issues
*
Blink
>
MediaRecording
for
issues
with
the
MediaRecorder
API
*
Blink
>
WebRTC
for
issues
with
the
RTCPeerConnection
API
This
ensures
the
right
people
will
look
at
your
bug
.
*
If
you
'
re
a
developer
working
with
the
native
code
file
the
bug
at
[
this
link
]
[
4
]
.
*
Include
as
much
as
possible
from
the
data
points
listed
below
.
#
#
#
#
Example
Data
Points
*
Version
of
the
browser
/
app
*
For
Chrome
:
copy
/
paste
from
*
*
chrome
:
/
/
version
*
*
*
For
WebRTC
native
code
:
if
applicable
include
the
branch
(
e
.
g
.
trunk
)
and
WebRTC
revision
(
e
.
g
.
r8207
)
your
application
uses
*
Operating
system
(
Windows
Mac
Linux
Android
iOS
etc
.
)
and
version
(
e
.
g
.
Windows
7
OS
X
10
.
9
Ubuntu
14
etc
.
)
*
Hardware
platform
/
device
model
(
e
.
g
.
PC
Mac
Samsung
4S
Nexus
7
iPhone
5S
iPad
Air
2
etc
)
*
Camera
and
microphone
model
and
version
(
if
applicable
)
*
For
Chrome
audio
and
video
device
issues
please
run
the
tests
at
<
https
:
/
/
test
.
webrtc
.
org
>
.
After
the
tests
finish
running
click
the
bug
icon
at
the
top
download
the
report
and
attach
the
report
to
the
issue
tracker
.
*
Web
site
URL
*
Reproduction
steps
:
detailed
information
on
how
to
reproduce
the
bug
.
If
applicable
please
either
attach
or
link
to
a
minimal
test
page
in
HTML
+
JavaScript
.
*
For
*
*
crashes
*
*
*
If
you
experience
a
crash
while
using
Chrome
please
include
a
crash
ID
by
following
[
these
instructions
]
[
2
]
.
*
If
you
experience
a
crash
while
using
WebRTC
native
code
please
include
the
full
stacktrace
.
*
For
*
*
functional
*
*
issues
or
*
*
ICE
*
*
issues
in
either
Chrome
or
a
native
application
please
gather
a
[
native
log
]
[
5
]
.
*
For
*
*
connectivity
*
*
issues
on
Chrome
ensure
*
*
chrome
:
/
/
webrtc
-
internals
*
*
is
open
in
another
tab
before
starting
the
call
and
while
the
call
is
in
progress
*
expand
the
*
*
Create
Dump
*
*
section
*
click
the
*
*
Download
the
PeerConnection
updates
and
stats
data
*
*
button
.
You
will
be
prompted
to
save
the
dump
to
your
local
machine
.
Please
attach
that
dump
to
the
bug
report
.
*
For
*
*
audio
quality
*
*
issues
on
Chrome
while
the
call
is
in
progress
*
please
open
*
*
chrome
:
/
/
webrtc
-
internals
*
*
in
another
tab
*
expand
the
*
*
Create
Dump
*
*
section
*
fill
in
the
*
*
Enable
diagnostic
audio
recordings
*
*
checkbox
.
You
will
be
prompted
to
save
the
recording
to
your
local
machine
.
After
ending
the
call
attach
the
recording
to
the
bug
.
*
For
*
*
echo
*
*
issues
please
try
to
capture
an
audio
recording
from
the
side
that
is
_generating_
the
echo
not
the
side
that
_hears_
the
echo
.
For
example
if
UserA
and
UserB
are
in
a
call
and
UserA
hears
herself
speak
please
obtain
an
audio
recording
from
UserB
.
*
For
*
*
regressions
*
*
i
.
e
.
things
that
worked
in
one
version
and
stopped
working
in
a
later
versio
provide
both
versions
.
If
you
know
steps
to
reproduce
you
might
want
to
try
[
a
bisect
]
(
https
:
/
/
www
.
chromium
.
org
/
developers
/
bisect
-
builds
-
py
)
to
identify
the
commit
that
changed
the
behaviour
.
*
For
*
*
video
problems
*
*
e
.
g
.
artifacts
or
decoder
failures
a
rtpdump
file
with
the
unencrypted
RTP
traffic
.
This
can
by
replayed
using
the
video_replay
tool
from
the
rtc_tools
directory
.
#
#
#
Filing
a
Security
Bug
The
WebRTC
team
takes
security
very
seriously
.
If
you
find
a
vulnerability
in
WebRTC
please
file
a
[
Chromium
security
bug
]
[
ChromeSecurity
]
even
if
the
bug
only
affects
native
WebRTC
code
and
not
Chromium
.
A
history
of
fixed
Chromium
security
bugs
is
best
found
via
[
security
notes
in
Stable
Channel
updates
on
the
Google
Chrome
releases
blog
]
[
ChromeSecurityBlog
]
.
You
can
also
find
fixed
publicly
visible
[
Type
=
Bug
-
Security
]
[
ChromeBugList
]
bugs
in
the
issue
tracker
(
note
:
security
bugs
normally
become
publicly
visible
14
weeks
after
they
are
fixed
)
.
If
there
is
a
bug
in
WebRTC
code
that
Chromium
isn
t
using
(
such
as
the
Java
/
ObjC
wrappers
for
Android
/
iOS
)
we
will
announce
fixes
separately
on
[
discuss
-
webrtc
]
[
DiscussWebRTC
]
.
[
Tracking
released
security
bug
disclosures
]
[
WebRtcBugList
]
.
Note
that
we
will
generally
NOT
merge
security
fixes
backwards
to
any
branches
so
if
you
re
using
older
branches
it
s
your
responsibility
to
make
sure
the
relevant
security
fixes
get
merged
.
#
#
#
Receiving
notifications
about
security
bugs
in
Chrome
To
get
automatic
notifications
about
activity
/
comments
in
security
bugs
in
Chrome
you
need
to
be
either
explicitly
cc
:
d
on
specific
bugs
(
by
someone
who
has
access
to
the
bug
)
or
be
part
of
a
special
mailing
list
for
all
security
bug
notifications
.
To
get
on
that
list
you
have
to
apply
to
the
Chrome
Security
team
see
more
about
this
on
the
[
Chrome
Security
page
]
[
ChromeSecurity
]
under
"
How
can
I
get
access
to
Chromium
vulnerabilities
?
"
at
the
bottom
of
the
page
.
Please
note
that
Chrome
'
s
security
-
notify
list
will
receive
notifications
about
all
security
bugs
in
Chrome
and
not
just
the
WebRTC
ones
.
Normally
it
shouldn
'
t
be
a
problem
to
figure
out
whether
an
issue
affects
WebRTC
since
it
will
most
likely
be
tagged
with
one
of
the
WebRTC
-
related
components
(
one
of
Blink
>
WebRTC
Blink
>
GetUserMedia
Blink
>
MediaStream
Blink
>
MediaRecording
)
or
their
sub
-
components
.
Also
note
that
access
granted
by
the
list
will
only
apply
to
bugs
of
Type
=
Bug
-
Security
.
Not
all
bugs
with
crashes
memory
leaks
and
other
potential
vulnerabilities
are
marked
as
Bug
-
Security
though
.
You
can
read
more
about
what
categories
of
bugs
are
deemed
security
bugs
in
the
[
Severity
Guidelines
for
Security
Issues
]
[
SeverityGuidelines
]
and
also
on
the
[
Security
FAQ
]
[
SecurityFaq
]
page
.
[
1
]
:
https
:
/
/
accounts
.
google
.
com
/
[
2
]
:
http
:
/
/
www
.
chromium
.
org
/
for
-
testers
/
bug
-
reporting
-
guidelines
/
reporting
-
crash
-
bug
[
3
]
:
https
:
/
/
code
.
google
.
com
/
p
/
chromium
/
issues
/
entry
?
template
=
Audio
/
Video
%
20Issue
[
4
]
:
https
:
/
/
bugs
.
chromium
.
org
/
p
/
webrtc
/
issues
/
entry
[
5
]
:
native
-
code
/
logging
.
md
[
ChromeSecurity
]
:
https
:
/
/
www
.
chromium
.
org
/
Home
/
chromium
-
security
/
reporting
-
security
-
bugs
[
DiscussWebRTC
]
:
https
:
/
/
groups
.
google
.
com
/
group
/
discuss
-
webrtc
[
ChromeSecurityBlog
]
:
https
:
/
/
chromereleases
.
googleblog
.
com
/
search
/
label
/
Stable
%
20updates
[
ChromeBugList
]
:
https
:
/
/
bugs
.
chromium
.
org
/
p
/
chromium
/
issues
/
list
?
can
=
1
&
q
=
Type
%
3DBug
-
Security
+
component
%
3ABlink
%
3EWebRTC
+
-
status
%
3ADuplicate
%
2CWontfix
&
sort
=
-
closed
&
colspec
=
ID
+
Pri
+
M
+
Component
+
Status
+
Owner
+
Summary
+
OS
+
Closed
&
x
=
m
&
y
=
releaseblock
&
cells
=
ids
[
WebRtcBugList
]
:
https
:
/
/
bugs
.
chromium
.
org
/
p
/
webrtc
/
issues
/
list
?
q
=
Type
%
3DBug
-
Security
&
can
=
1
[
ChromeSecurity
]
:
https
:
/
/
www
.
chromium
.
org
/
Home
/
chromium
-
security
[
SeverityGuidelines
]
:
https
:
/
/
chromium
.
googlesource
.
com
/
chromium
/
src
/
+
/
master
/
docs
/
security
/
severity
-
guidelines
.
md
[
SecurityFaq
]
:
https
:
/
/
chromium
.
googlesource
.
com
/
chromium
/
src
/
+
/
master
/
docs
/
security
/
faq
.
md

Commit message:

Bug 1766646 - Vendor libwebrtc from c40073b687
Upstream commit: https://webrtc.googlesource.com/src/+/c40073b687dad9c505f5a012bb1014f7f39d816b
    doc: chrome://media-internals is useful for camera issues

    BUG=None

    No-try: True
    Change-Id: I6d1b9b99dce65d6382cbb61756e71989f5f3808a
    Reviewed-on: https://webrtc-review.googlesource.com/c/src/+/195326
    Commit-Queue: Philipp Hancke <philipp.hanckegooglemail.com>
    Reviewed-by: Markus Handell <handellmwebrtc.org>
    Reviewed-by: Henrik Andreassson <henrikawebrtc.org>
    Cr-Commit-Position: refs/heads/master{#32752}

UltraBlame original commit: 7b5814658dc512eae84cae0a1add29c07cb2be4b

third_party/libwebrtc/docs/bug-reporting.md, after:

There
are
a
couple
bug
trackers
relevant
to
WebRTC
:
*
[
crbug
.
com
]
(
https
:
/
/
crbug
.
com
)
-
-
for
Chrome
.
*
[
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
]
(
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
)
-
-
for
Firefox
.
*
[
bugs
.
webkit
.
org
]
(
https
:
/
/
bugs
.
webkit
.
org
/
)
-
-
for
Safari
.
*
[
developer
.
microsoft
.
com
]
(
https
:
/
/
developer
.
microsoft
.
com
/
en
-
us
/
microsoft
-
edge
/
platform
/
issues
/
)
-
-
for
Microsoft
Edge
.
*
[
bugs
.
opera
.
com
/
wizard
]
(
https
:
/
/
bugs
.
opera
.
com
/
wizard
/
)
-
-
for
Opera
.
*
[
bugs
.
webrtc
.
org
]
(
http
:
/
/
bugs
.
webrtc
.
org
)
-
-
for
WebRTC
native
code
.
Anyone
with
a
[
Google
account
]
[
1
]
can
file
bugs
in
the
Chrome
and
WebRTC
trackers
and
they
'
re
continuously
triaged
by
Chrome
and
WebRTC
engineers
.
#
#
#
How
to
File
a
Good
Bug
Report
#
#
#
#
Instructions
*
Identify
which
bug
tracker
to
use
:
*
If
you
'
re
hitting
a
problem
in
Chrome
file
the
bug
using
the
[
the
Chromium
issue
wizard
]
(
https
:
/
/
chromiumbugs
.
appspot
.
com
/
?
token
=
0
)
Choose
"
Web
Developer
"
and
"
API
"
then
fill
out
the
form
.
For
the
component
choose
*
Blink
>
GetUserMedia
for
camera
/
microphone
issues
*
Blink
>
MediaRecording
for
issues
with
the
MediaRecorder
API
*
Blink
>
WebRTC
for
issues
with
the
RTCPeerConnection
API
This
ensures
the
right
people
will
look
at
your
bug
.
*
If
you
'
re
a
developer
working
with
the
native
code
file
the
bug
at
[
this
link
]
[
4
]
.
*
Include
as
much
as
possible
from
the
data
points
listed
below
.
#
#
#
#
Example
Data
Points
*
Version
of
the
browser
/
app
*
For
Chrome
:
copy
/
paste
from
*
*
chrome
:
/
/
version
*
*
*
For
WebRTC
native
code
:
if
applicable
include
the
branch
(
e
.
g
.
trunk
)
and
WebRTC
revision
(
e
.
g
.
r8207
)
your
application
uses
*
Operating
system
(
Windows
Mac
Linux
Android
iOS
etc
.
)
and
version
(
e
.
g
.
Windows
7
OS
X
10
.
9
Ubuntu
14
etc
.
)
*
Hardware
platform
/
device
model
(
e
.
g
.
PC
Mac
Samsung
4S
Nexus
7
iPhone
5S
iPad
Air
2
etc
)
*
Camera
and
microphone
model
and
version
(
if
applicable
)
*
For
Chrome
audio
and
video
device
issues
please
run
the
tests
at
<
https
:
/
/
test
.
webrtc
.
org
>
.
After
the
tests
finish
running
click
the
bug
icon
at
the
top
download
the
report
and
attach
the
report
to
the
issue
tracker
.
*
Web
site
URL
*
Reproduction
steps
:
detailed
information
on
how
to
reproduce
the
bug
.
If
applicable
please
either
attach
or
link
to
a
minimal
test
page
in
HTML
+
JavaScript
.
*
For
*
*
crashes
*
*
*
If
you
experience
a
crash
while
using
Chrome
please
include
a
crash
ID
by
following
[
these
instructions
]
[
2
]
.
*
If
you
experience
a
crash
while
using
WebRTC
native
code
please
include
the
full
stacktrace
.
*
For
*
*
functional
*
*
issues
or
*
*
ICE
*
*
issues
in
either
Chrome
or
a
native
application
please
gather
a
[
native
log
]
[
5
]
.
*
For
*
*
connectivity
*
*
issues
on
Chrome
ensure
*
*
chrome
:
/
/
webrtc
-
internals
*
*
is
open
in
another
tab
before
starting
the
call
and
while
the
call
is
in
progress
*
expand
the
*
*
Create
Dump
*
*
section
*
click
the
*
*
Download
the
PeerConnection
updates
and
stats
data
*
*
button
.
You
will
be
prompted
to
save
the
dump
to
your
local
machine
.
Please
attach
that
dump
to
the
bug
report
.
*
For
*
*
audio
quality
*
*
issues
on
Chrome
while
the
call
is
in
progress
*
please
open
*
*
chrome
:
/
/
webrtc
-
internals
*
*
in
another
tab
*
expand
the
*
*
Create
Dump
*
*
section
*
fill
in
the
*
*
Enable
diagnostic
audio
recordings
*
*
checkbox
.
You
will
be
prompted
to
save
the
recording
to
your
local
machine
.
After
ending
the
call
attach
the
recording
to
the
bug
.
*
For
*
*
echo
*
*
issues
please
try
to
capture
an
audio
recording
from
the
side
that
is
_generating_
the
echo
not
the
side
that
_hears_
the
echo
.
For
example
if
UserA
and
UserB
are
in
a
call
and
UserA
hears
herself
speak
please
obtain
an
audio
recording
from
UserB
.
*
For
*
*
regressions
*
*
i
.
e
.
things
that
worked
in
one
version
and
stopped
working
in
a
later
versio
provide
both
versions
.
If
you
know
steps
to
reproduce
you
might
want
to
try
[
a
bisect
]
(
https
:
/
/
www
.
chromium
.
org
/
developers
/
bisect
-
builds
-
py
)
to
identify
the
commit
that
changed
the
behaviour
.
*
For
*
*
video
problems
*
*
e
.
g
.
artifacts
or
decoder
failures
a
rtpdump
file
with
the
unencrypted
RTP
traffic
.
This
can
by
replayed
using
the
video_replay
tool
from
the
rtc_tools
directory
.
*
For
problem
with
the
webcam
a
dump
or
screenshot
of
the
"
Video
Capture
"
tab
in
chrome
:
/
/
media
-
internals
.
#
#
#
Filing
a
Security
Bug
The
WebRTC
team
takes
security
very
seriously
.
If
you
find
a
vulnerability
in
WebRTC
please
file
a
[
Chromium
security
bug
]
[
ChromeSecurity
]
even
if
the
bug
only
affects
native
WebRTC
code
and
not
Chromium
.
A
history
of
fixed
Chromium
security
bugs
is
best
found
via
[
security
notes
in
Stable
Channel
updates
on
the
Google
Chrome
releases
blog
]
[
ChromeSecurityBlog
]
.
You
can
also
find
fixed
publicly
visible
[
Type
=
Bug
-
Security
]
[
ChromeBugList
]
bugs
in
the
issue
tracker
(
note
:
security
bugs
normally
become
publicly
visible
14
weeks
after
they
are
fixed
)
.
If
there
is
a
bug
in
WebRTC
code
that
Chromium
isn
t
using
(
such
as
the
Java
/
ObjC
wrappers
for
Android
/
iOS
)
we
will
announce
fixes
separately
on
[
discuss
-
webrtc
]
[
DiscussWebRTC
]
.
[
Tracking
released
security
bug
disclosures
]
[
WebRtcBugList
]
.
Note
that
we
will
generally
NOT
merge
security
fixes
backwards
to
any
branches
so
if
you
re
using
older
branches
it
s
your
responsibility
to
make
sure
the
relevant
security
fixes
get
merged
.
#
#
#
Receiving
notifications
about
security
bugs
in
Chrome
To
get
automatic
notifications
about
activity
/
comments
in
security
bugs
in
Chrome
you
need
to
be
either
explicitly
cc
:
d
on
specific
bugs
(
by
someone
who
has
access
to
the
bug
)
or
be
part
of
a
special
mailing
list
for
all
security
bug
notifications
.
To
get
on
that
list
you
have
to
apply
to
the
Chrome
Security
team
see
more
about
this
on
the
[
Chrome
Security
page
]
[
ChromeSecurity
]
under
"
How
can
I
get
access
to
Chromium
vulnerabilities
?
"
at
the
bottom
of
the
page
.
Please
note
that
Chrome
'
s
security
-
notify
list
will
receive
notifications
about
all
security
bugs
in
Chrome
and
not
just
the
WebRTC
ones
.
Normally
it
shouldn
'
t
be
a
problem
to
figure
out
whether
an
issue
affects
WebRTC
since
it
will
most
likely
be
tagged
with
one
of
the
WebRTC
-
related
components
(
one
of
Blink
>
WebRTC
Blink
>
GetUserMedia
Blink
>
MediaStream
Blink
>
MediaRecording
)
or
their
sub
-
components
.
Also
note
that
access
granted
by
the
list
will
only
apply
to
bugs
of
Type
=
Bug
-
Security
.
Not
all
bugs
with
crashes
memory
leaks
and
other
potential
vulnerabilities
are
marked
as
Bug
-
Security
though
.
You
can
read
more
about
what
categories
of
bugs
are
deemed
security
bugs
in
the
[
Severity
Guidelines
for
Security
Issues
]
[
SeverityGuidelines
]
and
also
on
the
[
Security
FAQ
]
[
SecurityFaq
]
page
.
[
1
]
:
https
:
/
/
accounts
.
google
.
com
/
[
2
]
:
http
:
/
/
www
.
chromium
.
org
/
for
-
testers
/
bug
-
reporting
-
guidelines
/
reporting
-
crash
-
bug
[
3
]
:
https
:
/
/
code
.
google
.
com
/
p
/
chromium
/
issues
/
entry
?
template
=
Audio
/
Video
%
20Issue
[
4
]
:
https
:
/
/
bugs
.
chromium
.
org
/
p
/
webrtc
/
issues
/
entry
[
5
]
:
native
-
code
/
logging
.
md
[
ChromeSecurity
]
:
https
:
/
/
www
.
chromium
.
org
/
Home
/
chromium
-
security
/
reporting
-
security
-
bugs
[
DiscussWebRTC
]
:
https
:
/
/
groups
.
google
.
com
/
group
/
discuss
-
webrtc
[
ChromeSecurityBlog
]
:
https
:
/
/
chromereleases
.
googleblog
.
com
/
search
/
label
/
Stable
%
20updates
[
ChromeBugList
]
:
https
:
/
/
bugs
.
chromium
.
org
/
p
/
chromium
/
issues
/
list
?
can
=
1
&
q
=
Type
%
3DBug
-
Security
+
component
%
3ABlink
%
3EWebRTC
+
-
status
%
3ADuplicate
%
2CWontfix
&
sort
=
-
closed
&
colspec
=
ID
+
Pri
+
M
+
Component
+
Status
+
Owner
+
Summary
+
OS
+
Closed
&
x
=
m
&
y
=
releaseblock
&
cells
=
ids
[
WebRtcBugList
]
:
https
:
/
/
bugs
.
chromium
.
org
/
p
/
webrtc
/
issues
/
list
?
q
=
Type
%
3DBug
-
Security
&
can
=
1
[
ChromeSecurity
]
:
https
:
/
/
www
.
chromium
.
org
/
Home
/
chromium
-
security
[
SeverityGuidelines
]
:
https
:
/
/
chromium
.
googlesource
.
com
/
chromium
/
src
/
+
/
master
/
docs
/
security
/
severity
-
guidelines
.
md
[
SecurityFaq
]
:
https
:
/
/
chromium
.
googlesource
.
com
/
chromium
/
src
/
+
/
master
/
docs
/
security
/
faq
.
md
