toolkit/components/telemetry/docs/environment.rst, before:

Environment
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
environment
consists
of
data
that
is
expected
to
be
characteristic
for
performance
and
other
behavior
and
not
expected
to
change
too
often
.
Changes
to
most
of
these
data
points
are
detected
(
where
possible
and
sensible
)
and
will
lead
to
a
session
split
in
the
:
doc
:
main
-
ping
.
The
environment
data
may
also
be
submitted
by
other
ping
types
.
*
Note
:
*
This
is
not
submitted
with
all
ping
types
due
to
privacy
concerns
.
This
and
other
data
is
inspected
under
the
data
collection
policy
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Firefox
/
Data_Collection
>
_
.
Some
parts
of
the
environment
must
be
fetched
asynchronously
at
startup
.
We
don
'
t
want
other
Telemetry
components
to
block
on
waiting
for
the
environment
so
some
items
may
be
missing
from
it
until
the
async
fetching
finished
.
This
currently
affects
the
following
sections
:
-
profile
-
addons
Structure
:
:
{
build
:
{
applicationId
:
<
string
>
/
/
nsIXULAppInfo
.
ID
applicationName
:
<
string
>
/
/
"
Firefox
"
architecture
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
x86
"
build
architecture
for
the
active
build
architecturesInBinary
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
i386
-
x86_64
"
from
nsIMacUtils
.
architecturesInBinary
only
present
for
mac
universal
builds
buildId
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
20141126041045
"
version
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
35
.
0
"
vendor
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
Mozilla
"
platformVersion
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
35
.
0
"
xpcomAbi
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
x86
-
msvc
"
hotfixVersion
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
20141211
.
01
"
}
settings
:
{
addonCompatibilityCheckEnabled
:
<
bool
>
/
/
Whether
application
compatibility
is
respected
for
add
-
ons
blocklistEnabled
:
<
bool
>
/
/
true
on
failure
isDefaultBrowser
:
<
bool
>
/
/
null
on
failure
not
available
on
Android
defaultSearchEngine
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
yahoo
"
defaultSearchEngineData
:
{
/
/
data
about
the
current
default
engine
name
:
<
string
>
/
/
engine
name
e
.
g
.
"
Yahoo
"
;
or
"
NONE
"
if
no
default
loadPath
:
<
string
>
/
/
where
the
engine
line
is
located
;
missing
if
no
default
submissionURL
:
<
string
>
/
/
missing
if
no
default
or
for
user
-
installed
engines
}
searchCohort
:
<
string
>
/
/
optional
contains
an
identifier
for
any
active
search
A
/
B
experiments
e10sEnabled
:
<
bool
>
/
/
whether
e10s
is
on
i
.
e
.
browser
tabs
open
by
default
in
a
different
process
telemetryEnabled
:
<
bool
>
/
/
false
on
failure
locale
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
it
"
null
on
failure
update
:
{
channel
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
release
"
null
on
failure
enabled
:
<
bool
>
/
/
true
on
failure
autoDownload
:
<
bool
>
/
/
true
on
failure
}
userPrefs
:
{
/
/
Only
prefs
which
are
changed
from
the
default
value
are
listed
/
/
in
this
block
"
pref
.
name
.
value
"
:
value
/
/
some
prefs
send
the
value
"
pref
.
name
.
url
"
:
"
<
user
-
set
>
"
/
/
For
some
privacy
-
sensitive
prefs
/
/
only
the
fact
that
the
value
has
been
changed
is
recorded
}
}
profile
:
{
creationDate
:
<
integer
>
/
/
integer
days
since
UNIX
epoch
e
.
g
.
16446
resetDate
:
<
integer
>
/
/
integer
days
since
UNIX
epoch
e
.
g
.
16446
-
optional
}
partner
:
{
/
/
This
section
may
not
be
immediately
available
on
startup
distributionId
:
<
string
>
/
/
pref
"
distribution
.
id
"
null
on
failure
distributionVersion
:
<
string
>
/
/
pref
"
distribution
.
version
"
null
on
failure
partnerId
:
<
string
>
/
/
pref
mozilla
.
partner
.
id
null
on
failure
distributor
:
<
string
>
/
/
pref
app
.
distributor
null
on
failure
distributorChannel
:
<
string
>
/
/
pref
app
.
distributor
.
channel
null
on
failure
partnerNames
:
[
/
/
list
from
prefs
app
.
partner
.
<
name
>
=
<
name
>
]
}
system
:
{
memoryMB
:
<
number
>
virtualMaxMB
:
<
number
>
/
/
windows
-
only
isWow64
:
<
bool
>
/
/
windows
-
only
cpu
:
{
count
:
<
number
>
/
/
desktop
only
e
.
g
.
8
or
null
on
failure
-
logical
cpus
cores
:
<
number
>
/
/
desktop
only
e
.
g
.
4
or
null
on
failure
-
physical
cores
vendor
:
<
string
>
/
/
desktop
only
e
.
g
.
"
GenuineIntel
"
or
null
on
failure
family
:
<
string
>
/
/
desktop
only
null
on
failure
model
:
<
string
>
/
/
desktop
only
null
on
failure
stepping
:
<
string
>
/
/
desktop
only
null
on
failure
l2cacheKB
:
<
number
>
/
/
L2
cache
size
in
KB
only
on
windows
&
mac
l3cacheKB
:
<
number
>
/
/
desktop
only
L3
cache
size
in
KB
speedMHz
:
<
number
>
/
/
desktop
only
cpu
clock
speed
in
MHz
extensions
:
[
<
string
>
.
.
.
/
/
as
applicable
:
/
/
"
MMX
"
"
SSE
"
"
SSE2
"
"
SSE3
"
"
SSSE3
"
"
SSE4A
"
"
SSE4_1
"
/
/
"
SSE4_2
"
"
EDSP
"
"
ARMv6
"
"
ARMv7
"
"
NEON
"
]
}
device
:
{
/
/
This
section
is
only
available
on
mobile
devices
.
model
:
<
string
>
/
/
the
"
device
"
from
FHR
null
on
failure
manufacturer
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
hardware
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
isTablet
:
<
bool
>
/
/
null
on
failure
}
os
:
{
name
:
<
string
>
/
/
"
Windows_NT
"
or
null
on
failure
version
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
6
.
1
"
null
on
failure
kernelVersion
:
<
string
>
/
/
android
/
b2g
only
or
null
on
failure
servicePackMajor
:
<
number
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
servicePackMinor
:
<
number
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
locale
:
<
string
>
/
/
"
en
"
or
null
on
failure
}
hdd
:
{
profile
:
{
/
/
hdd
where
the
profile
folder
is
located
model
:
<
string
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
revision
:
<
string
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
}
binary
:
{
/
/
hdd
where
the
application
binary
is
located
model
:
<
string
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
revision
:
<
string
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
}
system
:
{
/
/
hdd
where
the
system
files
are
located
model
:
<
string
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
revision
:
<
string
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
}
}
gfx
:
{
D2DEnabled
:
<
bool
>
/
/
null
on
failure
DWriteEnabled
:
<
bool
>
/
/
null
on
failure
/
/
DWriteVersion
:
<
string
>
/
/
temporarily
removed
pending
bug
1154500
adapters
:
[
{
description
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
Intel
(
R
)
HD
Graphics
4600
"
null
on
failure
vendorID
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
deviceID
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
subsysID
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
RAM
:
<
number
>
/
/
in
MB
null
on
failure
driver
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
driverVersion
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
driverDate
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
GPUActive
:
<
bool
>
/
/
currently
always
true
for
the
first
adapter
}
.
.
.
]
/
/
Note
:
currently
only
added
on
Desktop
.
On
Linux
only
a
single
/
/
monitor
is
returned
representing
the
entire
virtual
screen
.
monitors
:
[
{
screenWidth
:
<
number
>
/
/
screen
width
in
pixels
screenHeight
:
<
number
>
/
/
screen
height
in
pixels
refreshRate
:
<
number
>
/
/
refresh
rate
in
hertz
(
present
on
Windows
only
)
.
/
/
(
values
<
=
1
indicate
an
unknown
value
)
pseudoDisplay
:
<
bool
>
/
/
networked
screen
(
present
on
Windows
only
)
scale
:
<
number
>
/
/
backing
scale
factor
(
present
on
Mac
only
)
}
.
.
.
]
features
:
{
compositor
:
<
string
>
/
/
Layers
backend
for
compositing
(
eg
"
d3d11
"
"
none
"
"
opengl
"
)
/
/
Each
the
following
features
can
have
one
of
the
following
statuses
:
/
/
"
unused
"
-
This
feature
has
not
been
requested
.
/
/
"
unavailable
"
-
Safe
Mode
or
OS
restriction
prevents
use
.
/
/
"
blocked
"
-
Blocked
due
to
an
internal
condition
such
as
safe
mode
.
/
/
"
blacklisted
"
-
Blocked
due
to
a
blacklist
restriction
.
/
/
"
disabled
"
-
User
explicitly
disabled
this
default
feature
.
/
/
"
failed
"
-
This
feature
was
attempted
but
failed
to
initialize
.
/
/
"
available
"
-
User
has
this
feature
available
.
"
d3d11
"
{
/
/
This
feature
is
Windows
-
only
.
status
:
<
string
>
warp
:
<
bool
>
/
/
Software
rendering
(
WARP
)
mode
was
chosen
.
textureSharing
:
<
bool
>
/
/
Whether
or
not
texture
sharing
works
.
version
:
<
number
>
/
/
The
D3D11
device
feature
level
.
blacklisted
:
<
bool
>
/
/
Whether
D3D11
is
blacklisted
;
use
to
see
whether
WARP
/
/
was
blacklist
induced
or
driver
-
failure
induced
.
}
"
d2d
"
{
/
/
This
feature
is
Windows
-
only
.
status
:
<
string
>
version
:
<
string
>
/
/
Either
"
1
.
0
"
or
"
1
.
1
"
.
}
}
}
}
addons
:
{
activeAddons
:
{
/
/
the
currently
enabled
addons
<
addon
id
>
:
{
blocklisted
:
<
bool
>
description
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
if
not
available
name
:
<
string
>
userDisabled
:
<
bool
>
appDisabled
:
<
bool
>
version
:
<
string
>
scope
:
<
integer
>
type
:
<
string
>
/
/
"
extension
"
"
service
"
.
.
.
foreignInstall
:
<
bool
>
hasBinaryComponents
:
<
bool
>
installDay
:
<
number
>
/
/
days
since
UNIX
epoch
0
on
failure
updateDay
:
<
number
>
/
/
days
since
UNIX
epoch
0
on
failure
signedState
:
<
integer
>
/
/
whether
the
add
-
on
is
signed
by
AMO
only
present
for
extensions
}
.
.
.
}
theme
:
{
/
/
the
active
theme
id
:
<
string
>
blocklisted
:
<
bool
>
description
:
<
string
>
name
:
<
string
>
userDisabled
:
<
bool
>
appDisabled
:
<
bool
>
version
:
<
string
>
scope
:
<
integer
>
foreignInstall
:
<
bool
>
hasBinaryComponents
:
<
bool
>
installDay
:
<
number
>
/
/
days
since
UNIX
epoch
0
on
failure
updateDay
:
<
number
>
/
/
days
since
UNIX
epoch
0
on
failure
}
activePlugins
:
[
{
name
:
<
string
>
version
:
<
string
>
description
:
<
string
>
blocklisted
:
<
bool
>
disabled
:
<
bool
>
clicktoplay
:
<
bool
>
mimeTypes
:
[
<
string
>
.
.
.
]
updateDay
:
<
number
>
/
/
days
since
UNIX
epoch
0
on
failure
}
.
.
.
]
activeGMPlugins
:
{
<
gmp
id
>
:
{
version
:
<
string
>
userDisabled
:
<
bool
>
applyBackgroundUpdates
:
<
bool
>
}
.
.
.
]
activeExperiment
:
{
/
/
section
is
empty
if
there
'
s
no
active
experiment
id
:
<
string
>
/
/
id
branch
:
<
string
>
/
/
branch
name
}
persona
:
<
string
>
/
/
id
of
the
current
persona
null
on
GONK
}
}
Settings
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
defaultSearchEngine
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Note
:
Deprecated
use
defaultSearchEngineData
instead
.
Contains
the
string
identifier
or
name
of
the
default
search
engine
provider
.
This
will
not
be
present
in
environment
data
collected
before
the
Search
Service
initialization
.
The
special
value
NONE
could
occur
if
there
is
no
default
search
engine
.
The
special
value
UNDEFINED
could
occur
if
a
default
search
engine
exists
but
its
identifier
could
not
be
determined
.
This
field
'
s
contents
are
Services
.
search
.
defaultEngine
.
identifier
(
if
defined
)
or
"
other
-
"
+
Services
.
search
.
defaultEngine
.
name
if
not
.
In
other
words
search
engines
without
an
.
identifier
are
prefixed
with
other
-
.
defaultSearchEngineData
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Contains
data
identifying
the
engine
currently
set
as
the
default
.
The
object
contains
:
-
a
name
property
with
the
name
of
the
engine
or
NONE
if
no
engine
is
currently
set
as
the
default
.
-
a
loadPath
property
:
an
anonymized
path
of
the
engine
xml
file
e
.
g
.
jar
:
[
app
]
/
omni
.
ja
!
browser
/
engine
.
xml
(
where
'
browser
'
is
the
name
of
the
chrome
package
not
a
folder
)
[
profile
]
/
searchplugins
/
engine
.
xml
[
distribution
]
/
searchplugins
/
common
/
engine
.
xml
[
other
]
/
engine
.
xml
-
a
submissionURL
property
with
the
HTTP
url
we
would
use
to
search
.
For
privacy
we
don
'
t
record
this
for
user
-
installed
engines
.
loadPath
and
submissionURL
are
not
present
if
name
is
NONE
.
searchCohort
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
If
the
user
has
been
enrolled
into
a
search
default
change
experiment
this
contains
the
string
identifying
the
experiment
the
user
is
taking
part
in
.
Most
user
profiles
will
never
be
part
of
any
search
default
change
experiment
and
will
not
send
this
value
.
userPrefs
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
This
object
contains
user
preferences
.
Each
key
in
the
object
is
the
name
of
a
preference
.
A
key
'
s
value
depends
on
the
policy
with
which
the
preference
was
collected
.
There
are
two
such
policies
"
value
"
and
"
state
"
.
For
preferences
collected
under
the
"
value
"
policy
the
value
will
be
the
preference
'
s
value
.
For
preferences
collected
under
the
"
state
"
policy
the
value
will
be
an
opaque
marker
signifying
only
that
the
preference
has
a
user
value
.
The
"
state
"
policy
is
therefore
used
when
user
privacy
is
a
concern
.
The
following
is
a
partial
list
of
collected
preferences
.
-
browser
.
search
.
suggest
.
enabled
:
The
"
master
switch
"
for
search
suggestions
everywhere
in
Firefox
(
search
bar
urlbar
etc
.
)
.
Defaults
to
true
.
-
browser
.
urlbar
.
suggest
.
searches
:
True
if
search
suggestions
are
enabled
in
the
urlbar
.
Defaults
to
false
.
-
browser
.
urlbar
.
unifiedcomplete
:
True
if
the
urlbar
'
s
UnifiedComplete
back
-
end
is
enabled
.
-
browser
.
urlbar
.
userMadeSearchSuggestionsChoice
:
True
if
the
user
has
clicked
Yes
or
No
in
the
urlbar
'
s
opt
-
in
notification
.
Defaults
to
false
.
partner
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
If
the
user
is
using
a
partner
repack
this
contains
information
identifying
the
repack
being
used
otherwise
"
partnerNames
"
will
be
an
empty
array
and
other
entries
will
be
null
.
The
information
may
be
missing
when
the
profile
just
becomes
available
.
In
Firefox
for
desktop
the
information
along
with
other
customizations
defined
in
distribution
.
ini
are
processed
later
in
the
startup
phase
and
will
be
fully
applied
when
"
distribution
-
customization
-
complete
"
notification
is
sent
.
activeAddons
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Starting
from
Firefox
44
the
length
of
the
following
string
fields
:
name
description
and
version
is
limited
to
100
characters
.
The
same
limitation
applies
to
the
same
fields
in
theme
and
activePlugins
.

Commit message:

Bug 1232222 - Provide telemetry environment data on which addons are system addons. r=gfritzsche
UltraBlame original commit: 06bc151231a5763093d90610c53761d64dff4835

toolkit/components/telemetry/docs/environment.rst, after:

Environment
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
environment
consists
of
data
that
is
expected
to
be
characteristic
for
performance
and
other
behavior
and
not
expected
to
change
too
often
.
Changes
to
most
of
these
data
points
are
detected
(
where
possible
and
sensible
)
and
will
lead
to
a
session
split
in
the
:
doc
:
main
-
ping
.
The
environment
data
may
also
be
submitted
by
other
ping
types
.
*
Note
:
*
This
is
not
submitted
with
all
ping
types
due
to
privacy
concerns
.
This
and
other
data
is
inspected
under
the
data
collection
policy
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Firefox
/
Data_Collection
>
_
.
Some
parts
of
the
environment
must
be
fetched
asynchronously
at
startup
.
We
don
'
t
want
other
Telemetry
components
to
block
on
waiting
for
the
environment
so
some
items
may
be
missing
from
it
until
the
async
fetching
finished
.
This
currently
affects
the
following
sections
:
-
profile
-
addons
Structure
:
:
{
build
:
{
applicationId
:
<
string
>
/
/
nsIXULAppInfo
.
ID
applicationName
:
<
string
>
/
/
"
Firefox
"
architecture
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
x86
"
build
architecture
for
the
active
build
architecturesInBinary
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
i386
-
x86_64
"
from
nsIMacUtils
.
architecturesInBinary
only
present
for
mac
universal
builds
buildId
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
20141126041045
"
version
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
35
.
0
"
vendor
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
Mozilla
"
platformVersion
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
35
.
0
"
xpcomAbi
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
x86
-
msvc
"
hotfixVersion
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
20141211
.
01
"
}
settings
:
{
addonCompatibilityCheckEnabled
:
<
bool
>
/
/
Whether
application
compatibility
is
respected
for
add
-
ons
blocklistEnabled
:
<
bool
>
/
/
true
on
failure
isDefaultBrowser
:
<
bool
>
/
/
null
on
failure
not
available
on
Android
defaultSearchEngine
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
yahoo
"
defaultSearchEngineData
:
{
/
/
data
about
the
current
default
engine
name
:
<
string
>
/
/
engine
name
e
.
g
.
"
Yahoo
"
;
or
"
NONE
"
if
no
default
loadPath
:
<
string
>
/
/
where
the
engine
line
is
located
;
missing
if
no
default
submissionURL
:
<
string
>
/
/
missing
if
no
default
or
for
user
-
installed
engines
}
searchCohort
:
<
string
>
/
/
optional
contains
an
identifier
for
any
active
search
A
/
B
experiments
e10sEnabled
:
<
bool
>
/
/
whether
e10s
is
on
i
.
e
.
browser
tabs
open
by
default
in
a
different
process
telemetryEnabled
:
<
bool
>
/
/
false
on
failure
locale
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
it
"
null
on
failure
update
:
{
channel
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
release
"
null
on
failure
enabled
:
<
bool
>
/
/
true
on
failure
autoDownload
:
<
bool
>
/
/
true
on
failure
}
userPrefs
:
{
/
/
Only
prefs
which
are
changed
from
the
default
value
are
listed
/
/
in
this
block
"
pref
.
name
.
value
"
:
value
/
/
some
prefs
send
the
value
"
pref
.
name
.
url
"
:
"
<
user
-
set
>
"
/
/
For
some
privacy
-
sensitive
prefs
/
/
only
the
fact
that
the
value
has
been
changed
is
recorded
}
}
profile
:
{
creationDate
:
<
integer
>
/
/
integer
days
since
UNIX
epoch
e
.
g
.
16446
resetDate
:
<
integer
>
/
/
integer
days
since
UNIX
epoch
e
.
g
.
16446
-
optional
}
partner
:
{
/
/
This
section
may
not
be
immediately
available
on
startup
distributionId
:
<
string
>
/
/
pref
"
distribution
.
id
"
null
on
failure
distributionVersion
:
<
string
>
/
/
pref
"
distribution
.
version
"
null
on
failure
partnerId
:
<
string
>
/
/
pref
mozilla
.
partner
.
id
null
on
failure
distributor
:
<
string
>
/
/
pref
app
.
distributor
null
on
failure
distributorChannel
:
<
string
>
/
/
pref
app
.
distributor
.
channel
null
on
failure
partnerNames
:
[
/
/
list
from
prefs
app
.
partner
.
<
name
>
=
<
name
>
]
}
system
:
{
memoryMB
:
<
number
>
virtualMaxMB
:
<
number
>
/
/
windows
-
only
isWow64
:
<
bool
>
/
/
windows
-
only
cpu
:
{
count
:
<
number
>
/
/
desktop
only
e
.
g
.
8
or
null
on
failure
-
logical
cpus
cores
:
<
number
>
/
/
desktop
only
e
.
g
.
4
or
null
on
failure
-
physical
cores
vendor
:
<
string
>
/
/
desktop
only
e
.
g
.
"
GenuineIntel
"
or
null
on
failure
family
:
<
string
>
/
/
desktop
only
null
on
failure
model
:
<
string
>
/
/
desktop
only
null
on
failure
stepping
:
<
string
>
/
/
desktop
only
null
on
failure
l2cacheKB
:
<
number
>
/
/
L2
cache
size
in
KB
only
on
windows
&
mac
l3cacheKB
:
<
number
>
/
/
desktop
only
L3
cache
size
in
KB
speedMHz
:
<
number
>
/
/
desktop
only
cpu
clock
speed
in
MHz
extensions
:
[
<
string
>
.
.
.
/
/
as
applicable
:
/
/
"
MMX
"
"
SSE
"
"
SSE2
"
"
SSE3
"
"
SSSE3
"
"
SSE4A
"
"
SSE4_1
"
/
/
"
SSE4_2
"
"
EDSP
"
"
ARMv6
"
"
ARMv7
"
"
NEON
"
]
}
device
:
{
/
/
This
section
is
only
available
on
mobile
devices
.
model
:
<
string
>
/
/
the
"
device
"
from
FHR
null
on
failure
manufacturer
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
hardware
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
isTablet
:
<
bool
>
/
/
null
on
failure
}
os
:
{
name
:
<
string
>
/
/
"
Windows_NT
"
or
null
on
failure
version
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
6
.
1
"
null
on
failure
kernelVersion
:
<
string
>
/
/
android
/
b2g
only
or
null
on
failure
servicePackMajor
:
<
number
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
servicePackMinor
:
<
number
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
locale
:
<
string
>
/
/
"
en
"
or
null
on
failure
}
hdd
:
{
profile
:
{
/
/
hdd
where
the
profile
folder
is
located
model
:
<
string
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
revision
:
<
string
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
}
binary
:
{
/
/
hdd
where
the
application
binary
is
located
model
:
<
string
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
revision
:
<
string
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
}
system
:
{
/
/
hdd
where
the
system
files
are
located
model
:
<
string
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
revision
:
<
string
>
/
/
windows
only
or
null
on
failure
}
}
gfx
:
{
D2DEnabled
:
<
bool
>
/
/
null
on
failure
DWriteEnabled
:
<
bool
>
/
/
null
on
failure
/
/
DWriteVersion
:
<
string
>
/
/
temporarily
removed
pending
bug
1154500
adapters
:
[
{
description
:
<
string
>
/
/
e
.
g
.
"
Intel
(
R
)
HD
Graphics
4600
"
null
on
failure
vendorID
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
deviceID
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
subsysID
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
RAM
:
<
number
>
/
/
in
MB
null
on
failure
driver
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
driverVersion
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
driverDate
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
on
failure
GPUActive
:
<
bool
>
/
/
currently
always
true
for
the
first
adapter
}
.
.
.
]
/
/
Note
:
currently
only
added
on
Desktop
.
On
Linux
only
a
single
/
/
monitor
is
returned
representing
the
entire
virtual
screen
.
monitors
:
[
{
screenWidth
:
<
number
>
/
/
screen
width
in
pixels
screenHeight
:
<
number
>
/
/
screen
height
in
pixels
refreshRate
:
<
number
>
/
/
refresh
rate
in
hertz
(
present
on
Windows
only
)
.
/
/
(
values
<
=
1
indicate
an
unknown
value
)
pseudoDisplay
:
<
bool
>
/
/
networked
screen
(
present
on
Windows
only
)
scale
:
<
number
>
/
/
backing
scale
factor
(
present
on
Mac
only
)
}
.
.
.
]
features
:
{
compositor
:
<
string
>
/
/
Layers
backend
for
compositing
(
eg
"
d3d11
"
"
none
"
"
opengl
"
)
/
/
Each
the
following
features
can
have
one
of
the
following
statuses
:
/
/
"
unused
"
-
This
feature
has
not
been
requested
.
/
/
"
unavailable
"
-
Safe
Mode
or
OS
restriction
prevents
use
.
/
/
"
blocked
"
-
Blocked
due
to
an
internal
condition
such
as
safe
mode
.
/
/
"
blacklisted
"
-
Blocked
due
to
a
blacklist
restriction
.
/
/
"
disabled
"
-
User
explicitly
disabled
this
default
feature
.
/
/
"
failed
"
-
This
feature
was
attempted
but
failed
to
initialize
.
/
/
"
available
"
-
User
has
this
feature
available
.
"
d3d11
"
{
/
/
This
feature
is
Windows
-
only
.
status
:
<
string
>
warp
:
<
bool
>
/
/
Software
rendering
(
WARP
)
mode
was
chosen
.
textureSharing
:
<
bool
>
/
/
Whether
or
not
texture
sharing
works
.
version
:
<
number
>
/
/
The
D3D11
device
feature
level
.
blacklisted
:
<
bool
>
/
/
Whether
D3D11
is
blacklisted
;
use
to
see
whether
WARP
/
/
was
blacklist
induced
or
driver
-
failure
induced
.
}
"
d2d
"
{
/
/
This
feature
is
Windows
-
only
.
status
:
<
string
>
version
:
<
string
>
/
/
Either
"
1
.
0
"
or
"
1
.
1
"
.
}
}
}
}
addons
:
{
activeAddons
:
{
/
/
the
currently
enabled
addons
<
addon
id
>
:
{
blocklisted
:
<
bool
>
description
:
<
string
>
/
/
null
if
not
available
name
:
<
string
>
userDisabled
:
<
bool
>
appDisabled
:
<
bool
>
version
:
<
string
>
scope
:
<
integer
>
type
:
<
string
>
/
/
"
extension
"
"
service
"
.
.
.
foreignInstall
:
<
bool
>
hasBinaryComponents
:
<
bool
>
installDay
:
<
number
>
/
/
days
since
UNIX
epoch
0
on
failure
updateDay
:
<
number
>
/
/
days
since
UNIX
epoch
0
on
failure
signedState
:
<
integer
>
/
/
whether
the
add
-
on
is
signed
by
AMO
only
present
for
extensions
isSystem
:
<
bool
>
/
/
true
if
this
is
a
System
Add
-
on
}
.
.
.
}
theme
:
{
/
/
the
active
theme
id
:
<
string
>
blocklisted
:
<
bool
>
description
:
<
string
>
name
:
<
string
>
userDisabled
:
<
bool
>
appDisabled
:
<
bool
>
version
:
<
string
>
scope
:
<
integer
>
foreignInstall
:
<
bool
>
hasBinaryComponents
:
<
bool
>
installDay
:
<
number
>
/
/
days
since
UNIX
epoch
0
on
failure
updateDay
:
<
number
>
/
/
days
since
UNIX
epoch
0
on
failure
}
activePlugins
:
[
{
name
:
<
string
>
version
:
<
string
>
description
:
<
string
>
blocklisted
:
<
bool
>
disabled
:
<
bool
>
clicktoplay
:
<
bool
>
mimeTypes
:
[
<
string
>
.
.
.
]
updateDay
:
<
number
>
/
/
days
since
UNIX
epoch
0
on
failure
}
.
.
.
]
activeGMPlugins
:
{
<
gmp
id
>
:
{
version
:
<
string
>
userDisabled
:
<
bool
>
applyBackgroundUpdates
:
<
bool
>
}
.
.
.
]
activeExperiment
:
{
/
/
section
is
empty
if
there
'
s
no
active
experiment
id
:
<
string
>
/
/
id
branch
:
<
string
>
/
/
branch
name
}
persona
:
<
string
>
/
/
id
of
the
current
persona
null
on
GONK
}
}
Settings
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
defaultSearchEngine
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Note
:
Deprecated
use
defaultSearchEngineData
instead
.
Contains
the
string
identifier
or
name
of
the
default
search
engine
provider
.
This
will
not
be
present
in
environment
data
collected
before
the
Search
Service
initialization
.
The
special
value
NONE
could
occur
if
there
is
no
default
search
engine
.
The
special
value
UNDEFINED
could
occur
if
a
default
search
engine
exists
but
its
identifier
could
not
be
determined
.
This
field
'
s
contents
are
Services
.
search
.
defaultEngine
.
identifier
(
if
defined
)
or
"
other
-
"
+
Services
.
search
.
defaultEngine
.
name
if
not
.
In
other
words
search
engines
without
an
.
identifier
are
prefixed
with
other
-
.
defaultSearchEngineData
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Contains
data
identifying
the
engine
currently
set
as
the
default
.
The
object
contains
:
-
a
name
property
with
the
name
of
the
engine
or
NONE
if
no
engine
is
currently
set
as
the
default
.
-
a
loadPath
property
:
an
anonymized
path
of
the
engine
xml
file
e
.
g
.
jar
:
[
app
]
/
omni
.
ja
!
browser
/
engine
.
xml
(
where
'
browser
'
is
the
name
of
the
chrome
package
not
a
folder
)
[
profile
]
/
searchplugins
/
engine
.
xml
[
distribution
]
/
searchplugins
/
common
/
engine
.
xml
[
other
]
/
engine
.
xml
-
a
submissionURL
property
with
the
HTTP
url
we
would
use
to
search
.
For
privacy
we
don
'
t
record
this
for
user
-
installed
engines
.
loadPath
and
submissionURL
are
not
present
if
name
is
NONE
.
searchCohort
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
If
the
user
has
been
enrolled
into
a
search
default
change
experiment
this
contains
the
string
identifying
the
experiment
the
user
is
taking
part
in
.
Most
user
profiles
will
never
be
part
of
any
search
default
change
experiment
and
will
not
send
this
value
.
userPrefs
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
This
object
contains
user
preferences
.
Each
key
in
the
object
is
the
name
of
a
preference
.
A
key
'
s
value
depends
on
the
policy
with
which
the
preference
was
collected
.
There
are
two
such
policies
"
value
"
and
"
state
"
.
For
preferences
collected
under
the
"
value
"
policy
the
value
will
be
the
preference
'
s
value
.
For
preferences
collected
under
the
"
state
"
policy
the
value
will
be
an
opaque
marker
signifying
only
that
the
preference
has
a
user
value
.
The
"
state
"
policy
is
therefore
used
when
user
privacy
is
a
concern
.
The
following
is
a
partial
list
of
collected
preferences
.
-
browser
.
search
.
suggest
.
enabled
:
The
"
master
switch
"
for
search
suggestions
everywhere
in
Firefox
(
search
bar
urlbar
etc
.
)
.
Defaults
to
true
.
-
browser
.
urlbar
.
suggest
.
searches
:
True
if
search
suggestions
are
enabled
in
the
urlbar
.
Defaults
to
false
.
-
browser
.
urlbar
.
unifiedcomplete
:
True
if
the
urlbar
'
s
UnifiedComplete
back
-
end
is
enabled
.
-
browser
.
urlbar
.
userMadeSearchSuggestionsChoice
:
True
if
the
user
has
clicked
Yes
or
No
in
the
urlbar
'
s
opt
-
in
notification
.
Defaults
to
false
.
partner
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
If
the
user
is
using
a
partner
repack
this
contains
information
identifying
the
repack
being
used
otherwise
"
partnerNames
"
will
be
an
empty
array
and
other
entries
will
be
null
.
The
information
may
be
missing
when
the
profile
just
becomes
available
.
In
Firefox
for
desktop
the
information
along
with
other
customizations
defined
in
distribution
.
ini
are
processed
later
in
the
startup
phase
and
will
be
fully
applied
when
"
distribution
-
customization
-
complete
"
notification
is
sent
.
activeAddons
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Starting
from
Firefox
44
the
length
of
the
following
string
fields
:
name
description
and
version
is
limited
to
100
characters
.
The
same
limitation
applies
to
the
same
fields
in
theme
and
activePlugins
.
