toolkit/components/telemetry/docs/pings.rst, before:

.
.
_telemetry_pings
:
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Telemetry
pings
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
A
*
Telemetry
ping
*
is
the
data
that
we
send
to
Mozillas
Telemetry
servers
.
That
data
is
stored
as
a
JSON
object
client
-
side
and
contains
common
information
to
all
pings
and
a
payload
specific
to
a
certain
*
ping
types
*
.
The
top
-
level
structure
is
defined
by
the
:
doc
:
common
-
ping
format
.
It
contains
some
basic
information
shared
between
different
ping
types
the
:
doc
:
environment
data
(
optional
)
and
the
data
specific
to
the
*
ping
type
*
the
*
payload
*
.
Submission
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Pings
are
submitted
via
a
common
API
on
TelemetryPing
.
It
allows
callers
to
choose
a
custom
retention
period
that
determines
how
long
pings
are
kept
on
disk
if
submission
wasn
'
t
successful
.
If
a
ping
failed
to
submit
(
e
.
g
.
because
of
missing
internet
connection
)
Telemetry
will
retry
to
submit
it
until
its
retention
period
is
up
.
*
Note
:
*
the
:
doc
:
main
pings
<
main
-
ping
>
are
kept
locally
even
after
successful
submission
to
enable
the
HealthReport
and
SelfSupport
features
.
They
will
be
deleted
after
their
retention
period
of
180
days
.
The
telemetry
server
team
is
working
towards
the
common
services
status
codes
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
CloudServices
/
DataPipeline
/
HTTPEdgeServerSpecification
#
Server_Responses
>
_
but
for
now
the
following
logic
is
sufficient
for
Telemetry
:
*
2XX
-
success
don
'
t
resubmit
*
4XX
-
there
was
some
problem
with
the
request
-
the
client
should
not
try
to
resubmit
as
it
would
just
receive
the
same
response
*
5XX
-
there
was
a
server
-
side
error
the
client
should
try
to
resubmit
later
Ping
types
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
*
:
doc
:
main
<
main
-
ping
>
-
contains
the
information
collected
by
Telemetry
(
Histograms
hang
stacks
.
.
.
)
*
:
doc
:
saved
-
session
<
main
-
ping
>
-
contains
the
*
"
classic
"
*
Telemetry
payload
with
measurements
covering
the
whole
browser
session
.
Used
to
make
storage
of
saved
-
session
easier
server
-
side
.
*
activation
-
*
planned
*
-
sent
right
after
installation
or
profile
creation
*
upgrade
-
*
planned
*
-
sent
right
after
an
upgrade
*
deletion
-
*
planned
*
-
on
opt
-
out
we
may
have
to
tell
the
server
to
delete
user
data

Commit message:

Bug 1151915 - Make it more explicit that 'saved-session' has the same format as the 'main' pings. r=vladan
UltraBlame original commit: 1f446da826aeae08892ca3344b787fd5539d8095

toolkit/components/telemetry/docs/pings.rst, after:

.
.
_telemetry_pings
:
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Telemetry
pings
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
A
*
Telemetry
ping
*
is
the
data
that
we
send
to
Mozillas
Telemetry
servers
.
That
data
is
stored
as
a
JSON
object
client
-
side
and
contains
common
information
to
all
pings
and
a
payload
specific
to
a
certain
*
ping
types
*
.
The
top
-
level
structure
is
defined
by
the
:
doc
:
common
-
ping
format
.
It
contains
some
basic
information
shared
between
different
ping
types
the
:
doc
:
environment
data
(
optional
)
and
the
data
specific
to
the
*
ping
type
*
the
*
payload
*
.
Submission
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Pings
are
submitted
via
a
common
API
on
TelemetryPing
.
It
allows
callers
to
choose
a
custom
retention
period
that
determines
how
long
pings
are
kept
on
disk
if
submission
wasn
'
t
successful
.
If
a
ping
failed
to
submit
(
e
.
g
.
because
of
missing
internet
connection
)
Telemetry
will
retry
to
submit
it
until
its
retention
period
is
up
.
*
Note
:
*
the
:
doc
:
main
pings
<
main
-
ping
>
are
kept
locally
even
after
successful
submission
to
enable
the
HealthReport
and
SelfSupport
features
.
They
will
be
deleted
after
their
retention
period
of
180
days
.
The
telemetry
server
team
is
working
towards
the
common
services
status
codes
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
CloudServices
/
DataPipeline
/
HTTPEdgeServerSpecification
#
Server_Responses
>
_
but
for
now
the
following
logic
is
sufficient
for
Telemetry
:
*
2XX
-
success
don
'
t
resubmit
*
4XX
-
there
was
some
problem
with
the
request
-
the
client
should
not
try
to
resubmit
as
it
would
just
receive
the
same
response
*
5XX
-
there
was
a
server
-
side
error
the
client
should
try
to
resubmit
later
Ping
types
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
*
:
doc
:
main
<
main
-
ping
>
-
contains
the
information
collected
by
Telemetry
(
Histograms
hang
stacks
.
.
.
)
*
:
doc
:
saved
-
session
<
main
-
ping
>
-
has
the
same
format
as
a
main
ping
but
it
contains
the
*
"
classic
"
*
Telemetry
payload
with
measurements
covering
the
whole
browser
session
.
This
is
only
a
separate
type
to
make
storage
of
saved
-
session
easier
server
-
side
.
*
activation
-
*
planned
*
-
sent
right
after
installation
or
profile
creation
*
upgrade
-
*
planned
*
-
sent
right
after
an
upgrade
*
deletion
-
*
planned
*
-
on
opt
-
out
we
may
have
to
tell
the
server
to
delete
user
data
