toolkit/components/messaging-system/schemas/SpecialMessageActionSchemas/index.md, before:

#
User
Actions
A
subset
of
actions
are
available
to
messages
via
fields
like
action
on
buttons
for
CFRs
.
#
#
Usage
For
CFRs
you
should
add
the
action
type
in
action
and
any
additional
parameters
in
data
.
For
example
:
json
"
action
"
:
{
"
type
"
:
"
OPEN_PREFERENCES_PAGE
"
"
data
"
:
{
"
category
"
:
"
sync
"
}
}
#
#
Available
Actions
#
#
#
OPEN_APPLICATIONS_MENU
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
the
applications
menu
.
#
#
#
OPEN_FIREFOX_VIEW
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
the
Firefox
View
pseudo
-
tab
.
#
#
#
OPEN_PRIVATE_BROWSER_WINDOW
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
a
new
private
browsing
window
.
#
#
#
OPEN_URL
*
args
:
string
(
a
url
)
Opens
a
given
url
.
Example
:
json
"
action
"
:
{
"
type
"
:
"
OPEN_URL
"
"
data
"
:
{
"
args
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
foo
.
com
"
}
}
#
#
#
OPEN_ABOUT_PAGE
*
args
:
ts
{
args
:
string
/
/
(
a
valid
about
page
without
the
about
:
prefix
)
entrypoint
?
:
string
/
/
URL
search
param
used
for
referrals
}
Opens
a
given
about
page
Example
:
json
"
action
"
:
{
"
type
"
:
"
OPEN_ABOUT_PAGE
"
"
data
"
:
{
"
args
"
:
"
privatebrowsing
"
}
}
#
#
#
OPEN_PREFERENCES_PAGE
*
args
:
{
args
?
:
string
/
/
(
a
category
accessible
via
a
#
)
entrypoint
?
:
string
/
/
URL
search
param
used
to
referrals
Opens
about
:
preferences
with
an
optional
category
accessible
via
a
#
in
the
URL
(
e
.
g
.
about
:
preferences
#
home
)
.
Example
:
json
"
action
"
:
{
"
type
"
:
"
OPEN_PREFERENCES_PAGE
"
"
data
"
:
{
"
category
"
:
"
general
-
cfrfeatures
"
}
}
#
#
#
SHOW_FIREFOX_ACCOUNTS
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
Firefox
accounts
sign
-
up
page
.
Encodes
some
information
that
the
origin
was
from
snippets
by
default
.
#
#
#
FXA_SIGNIN_FLOW
*
args
:
ts
{
/
/
a
valid
where
value
for
openUILinkIn
.
Only
tab
and
window
have
been
tested
and
tabshifted
/
/
is
unlikely
to
do
anything
different
from
tab
.
where
?
:
"
tab
"
|
"
window
"
=
"
tab
"
entrypoint
?
:
string
/
/
URL
search
params
string
to
pass
along
to
FxA
.
Defaults
to
"
activity
-
stream
-
firstrun
"
.
extraParams
?
:
object
/
/
Extra
parameters
to
pass
along
to
FxA
.
See
FxAccountsConfig
.
promiseConnectAccountURI
.
}
Opens
a
Firefox
accounts
sign
-
up
or
sign
-
in
page
and
does
the
work
of
closing
the
resulting
tab
or
window
once
sign
-
in
completes
.
Returns
a
Promise
that
resolves
to
true
if
sign
-
in
succeeded
or
to
false
if
the
sign
-
in
window
or
tab
closed
before
sign
-
in
could
be
completed
.
Encodes
some
information
that
the
origin
was
from
about
:
welcome
by
default
.
#
#
#
SHOW_MIGRATION_WIZARD
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
import
wizard
to
bring
in
settings
and
data
from
another
browser
.
#
#
#
PIN_CURRENT_TAB
*
args
:
(
none
)
Pins
the
currently
focused
tab
.
#
#
#
HIGHLIGHT_FEATURE
Can
be
used
to
highlight
(
show
a
light
blue
overlay
)
a
certain
button
or
part
of
the
browser
UI
.
*
args
:
string
a
[
valid
targeting
defined
in
the
UITour
]
(
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
rev
/
7fd1c1c34923ece7ad8c822bee062dd0491d64dc
/
browser
/
components
/
uitour
/
UITour
.
jsm
#
108
)
#
#
#
INSTALL_ADDON_FROM_URL
Can
be
used
to
install
an
addon
from
addons
.
mozilla
.
org
.
*
args
:
ts
{
url
:
string
telemetrySource
?
:
string
}
;
#
#
#
OPEN_PROTECTION_REPORT
Opens
about
:
protections
#
#
#
OPEN_PROTECTION_PANEL
Opens
the
protection
panel
behind
on
the
lock
icon
of
the
awesomebar
#
#
#
DISABLE_STP_DOORHANGERS
Disables
all
Social
Tracking
Protection
messages
*
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
OPEN_AWESOME_BAR
Focuses
and
expands
the
awesome
bar
.
*
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
CANCEL
No
-
op
action
used
to
dismiss
CFR
notifications
(
but
not
remove
or
block
them
)
*
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
DISABLE_DOH
User
action
for
turning
off
the
DoH
feature
*
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
ACCEPT_DOH
User
action
for
continuing
to
use
the
DoH
feature
*
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
CONFIGURE_HOMEPAGE
Action
for
configuring
the
user
homepage
and
restoring
defaults
.
*
args
:
ts
{
homePage
:
"
default
"
|
null
;
newtab
:
"
default
"
|
null
;
layout
:
{
search
:
boolean
;
topsites
:
boolean
;
highlights
:
boolean
;
topstories
:
boolean
;
}
}
#
#
#
PIN_FIREFOX_TO_TASKBAR
Action
for
pinning
Firefox
to
the
user
'
s
taskbar
.
*
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
PIN_FIREFOX_TO_START_MENU
Action
for
pinning
Firefox
to
the
user
'
s
Windows
Start
Menu
in
Windows
MSIX
builds
only
.
-
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
SET_DEFAULT_BROWSER
Action
for
setting
the
default
browser
to
Firefox
on
the
user
'
s
system
.
-
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
SET_DEFAULT_PDF_HANDLER
Action
for
setting
the
default
PDF
handler
to
Firefox
on
the
user
'
s
system
.
Windows
only
.
-
args
:
ts
{
/
/
Only
set
Firefox
as
the
default
PDF
handler
if
the
current
PDF
handler
is
a
/
/
known
browser
.
onlyIfKnownBrowser
?
:
boolean
;
}
#
#
#
DECLINE_DEFAULT_PDF_HANDLER
Action
for
declining
to
set
the
default
PDF
handler
to
Firefox
on
the
user
'
s
system
.
Prevents
the
user
from
being
asked
again
about
this
.
Windows
only
.
-
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
SHOW_SPOTLIGHT
Action
for
opening
a
spotlight
tab
or
window
modal
using
the
content
passed
to
the
dialog
.
#
#
#
BLOCK_MESSAGE
Disable
a
message
by
adding
to
an
indexedDb
list
of
blocked
messages
*
args
:
string
id
of
the
message
#
#
#
SET_PREF
Action
for
setting
various
browser
prefs
Prefs
that
can
be
changed
with
this
action
are
:
-
browser
.
dataFeatureRecommendations
.
enabled
-
browser
.
migrate
.
content
-
modal
.
about
-
welcome
-
behavior
-
browser
.
migrate
.
content
-
modal
.
import
-
all
.
enabled
-
browser
.
migrate
.
preferences
-
entrypoint
.
enabled
-
browser
.
shopping
.
experience2023
.
active
-
browser
.
shopping
.
experience2023
.
optedIn
-
browser
.
shopping
.
experience2023
.
survey
.
optedInTime
-
browser
.
shopping
.
experience2023
.
survey
.
hasSeen
-
browser
.
shopping
.
experience2023
.
survey
.
pdpVisits
-
browser
.
startup
.
homepage
-
browser
.
startup
.
windowsLaunchOnLogin
.
disableLaunchOnLoginPrompt
-
browser
.
privateWindowSeparation
.
enabled
-
browser
.
firefox
-
view
.
feature
-
tour
-
browser
.
pdfjs
.
feature
-
tour
-
browser
.
newtab
.
feature
-
tour
-
cookiebanners
.
service
.
mode
-
cookiebanners
.
service
.
mode
.
privateBrowsing
-
cookiebanners
.
service
.
detectOnly
-
messaging
-
system
.
askForFeedback
Any
pref
that
begins
with
messaging
-
system
-
action
.
is
also
allowed
.
Alternatively
if
the
pref
is
not
present
in
the
list
above
and
does
not
begin
with
messaging
-
system
-
action
.
it
will
be
created
and
prepended
with
messaging
-
system
-
action
.
.
For
example
example
.
pref
will
be
created
as
messaging
-
system
-
action
.
example
.
pref
.
*
args
:
ts
{
pref
:
{
name
:
string
;
value
:
string
|
boolean
|
number
;
}
}
#
#
#
MULTI_ACTION
Action
for
running
multiple
actions
.
Actions
should
be
included
in
an
array
of
actions
.
*
args
:
ts
{
actions
:
Array
<
UserAction
>
}
*
example
:
json
"
action
"
:
{
"
type
"
:
"
MULTI_ACTION
"
"
data
"
:
{
"
actions
"
:
[
{
"
type
"
:
"
OPEN_URL
"
"
args
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
www
.
example
.
com
"
}
{
"
type
"
:
"
OPEN_AWESOME_BAR
"
}
]
}
}
#
#
#
CLICK_ELEMENT
*
args
:
string
A
CSS
selector
for
the
HTML
element
to
be
clicked
Selects
an
element
in
the
current
Window
'
s
document
and
triggers
a
click
action
#
#
#
RELOAD_BROWSER
*
args
:
(
none
)
Action
for
reloading
the
current
browser
.
#
#
#
FOCUS_URLBAR
Focuses
the
urlbar
in
the
window
the
message
was
displayed
in
*
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
BOOKMARK_CURRENT_TAB
Bookmarks
the
tab
that
was
selected
when
the
message
was
displayed
-
args
:
ts
{
/
/
Whether
the
bookmark
dialog
should
be
visible
.
shouldHideDialog
?
:
boolean
;
}
#
#
#
SET_BOOKMARKS_TOOLBAR_VISIBILITY
Sets
the
visibility
of
the
bookmarks
toolbar
.
-
args
:
ts
{
visibility
?
:
string
;
/
/
"
always
"
"
never
"
or
"
newtab
"
}

Commit message:

Bug 1916852 - Configure visibility of 'Saved to bookmarks' message as part of BOOKMARK_CURRENT_TAB action r=omc-reviewers,aminomancer
Adds the ability to configure the visibility of the confirmation hint that's shown after bookmarking the current tab using the special message access `BOOKMARK_CURRENT_TAB`

{F7799663}

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D221281

UltraBlame original commit: 028781f24de2b78f6303b6a7d8f1e61d3d661e05

toolkit/components/messaging-system/schemas/SpecialMessageActionSchemas/index.md, after:

#
User
Actions
A
subset
of
actions
are
available
to
messages
via
fields
like
action
on
buttons
for
CFRs
.
#
#
Usage
For
CFRs
you
should
add
the
action
type
in
action
and
any
additional
parameters
in
data
.
For
example
:
json
"
action
"
:
{
"
type
"
:
"
OPEN_PREFERENCES_PAGE
"
"
data
"
:
{
"
category
"
:
"
sync
"
}
}
#
#
Available
Actions
#
#
#
OPEN_APPLICATIONS_MENU
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
the
applications
menu
.
#
#
#
OPEN_FIREFOX_VIEW
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
the
Firefox
View
pseudo
-
tab
.
#
#
#
OPEN_PRIVATE_BROWSER_WINDOW
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
a
new
private
browsing
window
.
#
#
#
OPEN_URL
*
args
:
string
(
a
url
)
Opens
a
given
url
.
Example
:
json
"
action
"
:
{
"
type
"
:
"
OPEN_URL
"
"
data
"
:
{
"
args
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
foo
.
com
"
}
}
#
#
#
OPEN_ABOUT_PAGE
*
args
:
ts
{
args
:
string
/
/
(
a
valid
about
page
without
the
about
:
prefix
)
entrypoint
?
:
string
/
/
URL
search
param
used
for
referrals
}
Opens
a
given
about
page
Example
:
json
"
action
"
:
{
"
type
"
:
"
OPEN_ABOUT_PAGE
"
"
data
"
:
{
"
args
"
:
"
privatebrowsing
"
}
}
#
#
#
OPEN_PREFERENCES_PAGE
*
args
:
{
args
?
:
string
/
/
(
a
category
accessible
via
a
#
)
entrypoint
?
:
string
/
/
URL
search
param
used
to
referrals
Opens
about
:
preferences
with
an
optional
category
accessible
via
a
#
in
the
URL
(
e
.
g
.
about
:
preferences
#
home
)
.
Example
:
json
"
action
"
:
{
"
type
"
:
"
OPEN_PREFERENCES_PAGE
"
"
data
"
:
{
"
category
"
:
"
general
-
cfrfeatures
"
}
}
#
#
#
SHOW_FIREFOX_ACCOUNTS
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
Firefox
accounts
sign
-
up
page
.
Encodes
some
information
that
the
origin
was
from
snippets
by
default
.
#
#
#
FXA_SIGNIN_FLOW
*
args
:
ts
{
/
/
a
valid
where
value
for
openUILinkIn
.
Only
tab
and
window
have
been
tested
and
tabshifted
/
/
is
unlikely
to
do
anything
different
from
tab
.
where
?
:
"
tab
"
|
"
window
"
=
"
tab
"
entrypoint
?
:
string
/
/
URL
search
params
string
to
pass
along
to
FxA
.
Defaults
to
"
activity
-
stream
-
firstrun
"
.
extraParams
?
:
object
/
/
Extra
parameters
to
pass
along
to
FxA
.
See
FxAccountsConfig
.
promiseConnectAccountURI
.
}
Opens
a
Firefox
accounts
sign
-
up
or
sign
-
in
page
and
does
the
work
of
closing
the
resulting
tab
or
window
once
sign
-
in
completes
.
Returns
a
Promise
that
resolves
to
true
if
sign
-
in
succeeded
or
to
false
if
the
sign
-
in
window
or
tab
closed
before
sign
-
in
could
be
completed
.
Encodes
some
information
that
the
origin
was
from
about
:
welcome
by
default
.
#
#
#
SHOW_MIGRATION_WIZARD
*
args
:
(
none
)
Opens
import
wizard
to
bring
in
settings
and
data
from
another
browser
.
#
#
#
PIN_CURRENT_TAB
*
args
:
(
none
)
Pins
the
currently
focused
tab
.
#
#
#
HIGHLIGHT_FEATURE
Can
be
used
to
highlight
(
show
a
light
blue
overlay
)
a
certain
button
or
part
of
the
browser
UI
.
*
args
:
string
a
[
valid
targeting
defined
in
the
UITour
]
(
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
rev
/
7fd1c1c34923ece7ad8c822bee062dd0491d64dc
/
browser
/
components
/
uitour
/
UITour
.
jsm
#
108
)
#
#
#
INSTALL_ADDON_FROM_URL
Can
be
used
to
install
an
addon
from
addons
.
mozilla
.
org
.
*
args
:
ts
{
url
:
string
telemetrySource
?
:
string
}
;
#
#
#
OPEN_PROTECTION_REPORT
Opens
about
:
protections
#
#
#
OPEN_PROTECTION_PANEL
Opens
the
protection
panel
behind
on
the
lock
icon
of
the
awesomebar
#
#
#
DISABLE_STP_DOORHANGERS
Disables
all
Social
Tracking
Protection
messages
*
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
OPEN_AWESOME_BAR
Focuses
and
expands
the
awesome
bar
.
*
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
CANCEL
No
-
op
action
used
to
dismiss
CFR
notifications
(
but
not
remove
or
block
them
)
*
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
DISABLE_DOH
User
action
for
turning
off
the
DoH
feature
*
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
ACCEPT_DOH
User
action
for
continuing
to
use
the
DoH
feature
*
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
CONFIGURE_HOMEPAGE
Action
for
configuring
the
user
homepage
and
restoring
defaults
.
*
args
:
ts
{
homePage
:
"
default
"
|
null
;
newtab
:
"
default
"
|
null
;
layout
:
{
search
:
boolean
;
topsites
:
boolean
;
highlights
:
boolean
;
topstories
:
boolean
;
}
}
#
#
#
PIN_FIREFOX_TO_TASKBAR
Action
for
pinning
Firefox
to
the
user
'
s
taskbar
.
*
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
PIN_FIREFOX_TO_START_MENU
Action
for
pinning
Firefox
to
the
user
'
s
Windows
Start
Menu
in
Windows
MSIX
builds
only
.
-
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
SET_DEFAULT_BROWSER
Action
for
setting
the
default
browser
to
Firefox
on
the
user
'
s
system
.
-
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
SET_DEFAULT_PDF_HANDLER
Action
for
setting
the
default
PDF
handler
to
Firefox
on
the
user
'
s
system
.
Windows
only
.
-
args
:
ts
{
/
/
Only
set
Firefox
as
the
default
PDF
handler
if
the
current
PDF
handler
is
a
/
/
known
browser
.
onlyIfKnownBrowser
?
:
boolean
;
}
#
#
#
DECLINE_DEFAULT_PDF_HANDLER
Action
for
declining
to
set
the
default
PDF
handler
to
Firefox
on
the
user
'
s
system
.
Prevents
the
user
from
being
asked
again
about
this
.
Windows
only
.
-
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
SHOW_SPOTLIGHT
Action
for
opening
a
spotlight
tab
or
window
modal
using
the
content
passed
to
the
dialog
.
#
#
#
BLOCK_MESSAGE
Disable
a
message
by
adding
to
an
indexedDb
list
of
blocked
messages
*
args
:
string
id
of
the
message
#
#
#
SET_PREF
Action
for
setting
various
browser
prefs
Prefs
that
can
be
changed
with
this
action
are
:
-
browser
.
dataFeatureRecommendations
.
enabled
-
browser
.
migrate
.
content
-
modal
.
about
-
welcome
-
behavior
-
browser
.
migrate
.
content
-
modal
.
import
-
all
.
enabled
-
browser
.
migrate
.
preferences
-
entrypoint
.
enabled
-
browser
.
shopping
.
experience2023
.
active
-
browser
.
shopping
.
experience2023
.
optedIn
-
browser
.
shopping
.
experience2023
.
survey
.
optedInTime
-
browser
.
shopping
.
experience2023
.
survey
.
hasSeen
-
browser
.
shopping
.
experience2023
.
survey
.
pdpVisits
-
browser
.
startup
.
homepage
-
browser
.
startup
.
windowsLaunchOnLogin
.
disableLaunchOnLoginPrompt
-
browser
.
privateWindowSeparation
.
enabled
-
browser
.
firefox
-
view
.
feature
-
tour
-
browser
.
pdfjs
.
feature
-
tour
-
browser
.
newtab
.
feature
-
tour
-
cookiebanners
.
service
.
mode
-
cookiebanners
.
service
.
mode
.
privateBrowsing
-
cookiebanners
.
service
.
detectOnly
-
messaging
-
system
.
askForFeedback
Any
pref
that
begins
with
messaging
-
system
-
action
.
is
also
allowed
.
Alternatively
if
the
pref
is
not
present
in
the
list
above
and
does
not
begin
with
messaging
-
system
-
action
.
it
will
be
created
and
prepended
with
messaging
-
system
-
action
.
.
For
example
example
.
pref
will
be
created
as
messaging
-
system
-
action
.
example
.
pref
.
*
args
:
ts
{
pref
:
{
name
:
string
;
value
:
string
|
boolean
|
number
;
}
}
#
#
#
MULTI_ACTION
Action
for
running
multiple
actions
.
Actions
should
be
included
in
an
array
of
actions
.
*
args
:
ts
{
actions
:
Array
<
UserAction
>
}
*
example
:
json
"
action
"
:
{
"
type
"
:
"
MULTI_ACTION
"
"
data
"
:
{
"
actions
"
:
[
{
"
type
"
:
"
OPEN_URL
"
"
args
"
:
"
https
:
/
/
www
.
example
.
com
"
}
{
"
type
"
:
"
OPEN_AWESOME_BAR
"
}
]
}
}
#
#
#
CLICK_ELEMENT
*
args
:
string
A
CSS
selector
for
the
HTML
element
to
be
clicked
Selects
an
element
in
the
current
Window
'
s
document
and
triggers
a
click
action
#
#
#
RELOAD_BROWSER
*
args
:
(
none
)
Action
for
reloading
the
current
browser
.
#
#
#
FOCUS_URLBAR
Focuses
the
urlbar
in
the
window
the
message
was
displayed
in
*
args
:
(
none
)
#
#
#
BOOKMARK_CURRENT_TAB
Bookmarks
the
tab
that
was
selected
when
the
message
was
displayed
-
args
:
ts
{
/
/
Whether
the
bookmark
dialog
should
be
visible
or
not
.
shouldHideDialog
?
:
boolean
;
/
/
Whether
the
bookmark
confirmation
hint
should
be
visible
or
not
.
shouldHideConfirmationHint
?
:
boolean
;
}
#
#
#
SET_BOOKMARKS_TOOLBAR_VISIBILITY
Sets
the
visibility
of
the
bookmarks
toolbar
.
-
args
:
ts
{
visibility
?
:
string
;
/
/
"
always
"
"
never
"
or
"
newtab
"
}
